how ironic that a day before his birthday, the person about whom &quot;ai meri zohra jabeen&quot; was written (achala sachdev) passed away in pune
my all time favourite manna dey song is &quot;laaga chunari me daag&quot;. any gems you guys like? #MannaDa
MannaDa
my father's favourite song was &quot;poocho na kaise maine rain bitayi...&quot; that is how i was introduced to manna dey. #MannaDa
MannaDa
@anandsawant best bet i suspect get a friend to buy it for much less and send it to you!
one more! 94th birthday of manna dey? thanks for giving so much joy and wishing many many more years of happiness. #MannaDa
MannaDa
afraid that's it for me. long day in max studio tomorrow with the jovial @gauravkapur and ajay jadeja
wonderfully handled @gauravCNNIBN @thecricketcouch. very polite and convincing. the two are possible and i am delighted to see that.
don't know how long i can stay awake but man city v united is looking awesome on espn hd
if pune warriors and rajasthan royals lose tomorrow, the tournament might lose its openness a bit. will make it difficult for them.
csk looking seriously lethargic; strangely dhoni looking that way too. maybe he should come in at 3 and unshackle himself? raina to finish?
was just thinking what kkr would have done in a super over situation. would have seriously considered sending das with gambhir
as kkr accumulate points they grow even more reliant on gambhir. strange as it may seem, a few cracks coming up with the batting
the innings of the game came from #VWPP gambhir.
VWPP
5 mins to go before i go on air with cnn-ibn. may not get to see the end. big over coming up
kkr's investment in gambhir paying off? leading from the front?
@Shivasrk8 no, they needed that over at the time. did well not to take it 36 from 4 in which case even one bad over could have been the end
that over was crucial. cannot afford to let it go to 35-36 from last 4 as the royals discovered yesterday
48 from 6...kkr leaving it till too late...could get into trouble
this looks a bit like the way dhoni likes it, slow bowlers, slow pitch. will make 140 look much bigger. but can't help feel they got 20 less
so @ashutoshgarg27 do you think we should wear round neck tees in studio? not a bad idea?
i get i now...albie morkel is being rationed. can't get more than 8 balls per game
for the 1st time kkr showing the class on the field they have always had on paper. win will give them boost for the dada game on the 5th!
csk vs kkr. hoping to see some flair from csk and better use of their major hitters down the order. #VWPP anyone?
VWPP
@rdkriplani fair call, but know many businesses which succeed without passion?
@nshah249 excellent, thanks neeraj
@ashishlimaye i hope you like it. tell me what you think
@Chandimalogy still the same guy sidath and still as polite as he can be. it's not difficult you know.
@knittins but nitin,have never defended intrusive ads,only pointed out their inevitability.and don't care much for people who are not civil!
@knittins perplexed by this &quot;taking a stand&quot; issue. i have taken a very strong stance on domestic cricket, on (cont) http://t.co/mzq9rVAv
it did @sateeshkumar16 she was in account planning
@knittins oops only just saw it. liked it because there was a condition attached to future selection...
@kavanth doesn't need to.not shortage of funds but shortage of intent that is the problem with hockey. when intent comes,success will follow
hi @HemantJai successful sport is run like a business. unsuccessful sport, i suspect, is driven by ego and vanity.
there is also now a kindle version of &quot;the winning way&quot; in case some of you are interested. http://t.co/32H6WSca
many have been asking if &quot;the winning way&quot; is available overseas. it is now. here is a link: http://t.co/32H6WSca
at last a decent play of words on a headline. from hindustan times:  For this Jesse, comeback to Kiwi side will be with a Rider
those who think indian cricket is only about money power must read stories of young men who've been allowed a better life thanks to cricket
good to see that my friend damien fleming (@bowlologist) had a role to play in the development of parwinder awana. http://t.co/BFbj8IYL
@TomMoodyCricket when we were kids had to have a large cushion on the chair to get us high enough...but guess you can't lower people!!
@TomMoodyCricket as long as your chair is low enough tom, and he can reach that high, you'll be fine!!
@vasant_iyer didn't they teach you in mica to get your facts right!!!
amit mishra is a recent india international. a full toss and a long hop in the 19th over and a dolly put down......
@sardesairajdeep that is 2, maybe 3 indian players...statement there?
no doubt at all about the #VWPP today. dale steyn. and of course sehwag in the earlier game.
VWPP
mi don't want to take it to the last over. must look upon this as 20 from 18
as the seam bowling all-rounder, dan christian should have been turning in a good spell on the most helpful wicket he will get
because @ssr99 @wykrhm some of the most beautiful things in my life happened while i was growing up in hyderabad
@paritoshZero asked an old friend, now in twitter, how to do it!!
dale steyn's first over was sheer joy. the penultimate ball was awesome. late outswinger.the equivalent of a great cover drive by a batsman
once in a while it isn't a bad idea to play on a track like this. if anything, deccan chargers are outbowling mumbai indians.
not sure of the team @wykrhm but i have a giant soft spot for hyderabad!
good to see a bit of fire and bounce in the pitch. some batsmen looked out of their league.
this was a powerful performance from mumbai indians. need to get these runs quickly to repair their net run rate
it seemed a courageous idea at the time but in hindsight, on a surface like this, the class of sangakkara was needed.
excellent pitch at the wankhede. pace and bounce. might explain why levi was picked to bat and christian to bowl.
oops no @IakshitGoel . had to finish something. off to watch again!!
@Ranjitsinhji what did he say? didn't see anything.
suddenly blizzard gone and levi back? how confident is levi going to be?
how many captains would have left themselves out of the side because they didn't think they made the best 11 in this format!wow sangakkara!
@SachDan got it right &quot;eventually&quot;!!
(correction) but for that morkel over  you would have said &quot;what a wonderful chase&quot;. just say hats off to morkel and move on.
but for that morkel you would have said &quot;what a wonderfully timed chase&quot;. just say hats off to morkel and move on.
when you have 36 from 4 to get and you bring it down to 15 from 2 against the same bowlers who are going to finish, you've done well.
come on @suryatejaa that wasn't my tweet. some etiquette please.
easy to say they should have gone a bit harder but 15 from 2 overs is something you will score most days
now, that is a cricket match!! what an innings from rahane but what an over from morkel. no savagery, just brilliant cricket.
dravid in pain, first to rush to him jayawardene. it's not a bad game, this game of ours!
a pull, a flick, a cover drive, all exquisite. let's enjoy watching dravid while we can
one of the joys of this year's ipl is watching dravid and rahane playing together. i find i don't watch the scoreboard sometimes.
shouldn't irfan pathan be batting now?
@jassdeep_123 don't have him anymore
thanks @Rajiv_M  yes ryan harris for king's xi too.play for miller?will need another indian batsman then.seems nayar has lost an opportunity
this uncertain start may not be bad for dd. will test the rest. better now than in a knockout.
think the aussies come in tomorrow: warner (dd), clarke (pwi), hilfenhaus &amp;amp; hussey (csk), watson (rr)
must say cnn-ibn have put together a nice team for the ipl with @cricketaakash and @shishhattangadi. pleasant and never far from a laugh.
some have tweeted that this could be @kevinpp24's last game in delhi. so one more maybe. might give warner time to acclimatise till then
last game for @kevinpp24 with delhi daredevils. has been fantastic for them. and has earned some more attention for the ipl in england
going on air shortly on cnn-ibn with @cricketaakash &amp;amp; shishir. on at 1520, 1930, 2330.
csk tend to leave things till too late sometimes. only now realising what a role raina played for them earlier
hey csk fans does this look good? hussey for saha and yomahesh (tyagi?) for kulasekara?
found chris gayle's innings today absolutely bizarre. understand slow start when 3 wickets went down but completely inexplicable after that
gautam gambhir's astonishing innings made that #VWPP selection a no-brainer. he was in a different league.
VWPP
csk vs kxi didn't really have a power performance. azhar mahmood came closest #VWPP
VWPP
would have been nice to see a combination of dinda, awana, aaron &amp;amp; harshal patel in the west indies with the 'a' team.
if i was rp singh, i would consider myself extremely lucky to be in either the mi side or the india 'a' side.
mumbai indians need some stability. this batting order acually looked quite good. must stay with it. but bowling is a serious issue.
loved the way jayawardene took malinga. that is the sign of a champion : i know him better, i'll play him
delhi daredevils playing attacking, positive cricket. put the best four batsman up front. only 120 ball game, no point holding them back
@pkarni that would be quite nice actually!! more me?
virender sehwag's continuing form made him an easy candidate for #VWPP
VWPP
the daredevils already look favourites to qualify. if they win today, i think they will be very difficult to stop.
interesting match up this. if mumbai indians win today they go from no 7 to no 2. even if the daredevils lose they stay no 1
&quot;When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less. -Paul Brown&quot;   what does the show-biz industry think of this line?
everybody talking about @YUVSTRONG12  &amp;amp; his courage which is true but we must applaud his mother too. maybe even more difficult for her.
for all you aussies, good to see cameron white strike some form at last.
an apt bowler's perspective from the always readable derek pringle http://t.co/ESxzP6o0
latest video blog on new scoring trends in the ipl @samsoniteindia http://t.co/nL1tmaeE
latest piece in cricinfo about the decline of classical off-spinners in the ipl http://t.co/Tuo81PAB
thank you very much cricinfo for putting my views on sachin's rajya sabha nomination in proper context.
so good to see @YUVSTRONG12 at the stadium and chat very briefly on max.
like i had said in the morning newspaper, the chargers should be the team others are wary of now since they nothing to lose.
the scorecard tells the story of pune's problem. chasing at almost 9/over, top 3 cannot play 70 balls at 6/over.
today's #VWPP very easy to nominate. cameron white's return to form clinched it.
VWPP
@sunandamenon how long back was that!! it was a lamby 150!
the DNA story great example of why i don't give quotes. missed the fact that i said if sachin's nomination was (cont) http://t.co/GLeSL83t
maybe the way ahead is just to enjoy football and not worry about clubs whose fans and detractors i cannot handle!!!
was exhausted and so only got about 20 minutes of bayern v real. but the speed was mindblowing.
@ArthurVonPuzleW i believe he was going to but isn't now
head back home tomorrow. off and on in max studio till may 8. back on commentary from may 10. cheers. good night.
mark ramprakash thinks england play half their first class season by may 24 to accomodate t20 in the best summer months!
sorry guys that link i gave you (http://t.co/WjBsVTGp) was for a programme in marathi. you can also meet the boss there!
interesting conversation with the very gifted girish kulkarni and amruta subhash. http://t.co/WjBsVTGp
@mohank that was because he is from durban and their curries are hotter than any i have tasted. that was the context.
was with @cricketaakash a few days ago when we tried to pick india's t20 world cup team. got the batting ok, gave up on the bowling!
been a bit of a fan of david hussey over the years.he showed what a complete player he is. weathering the storm,then finishing an innings
delighted for ambati rayudu. has lost his no 3 position but is still able to make a fine contribution. but rohit sharma was excellent.
nobody seems to be fazed by asking rates these days. just seem to back themselves. makes for thrilling finishes
kepler wessels was telling me that peterson played hockey and was good at the reverse stick.and so it comes easier to him in cricket
i had to nominate the #VWPP before the game ended and so went with david hussey who played a wonderful innings
VWPP
@SachinKalbag @mint_ed @vsengupta almost anyone would find radio commentary more fun to do. it is more informal and much easier
so messi missed a penalty! can happen to the greats on a big day so what do people like us have to worry about!
absolutely love the new p&amp;g moms ad. don't know what i would've have been without my mother; and what my sons would've been without theirs
1120 latest game could start. groundsman tells umpire time needed to get ground ready. if he says min 50 mins, have to call it off at 1030
no @anilkumarme dc have to be positive. smaller the game better their chance of getting 2 points. they would have really wanted to play
for kkr the smaller the game the greater the temptation to take a point.but if i was in the chargers camp,i would have wanted a 5 over game
interesting point from sanjay. if a captain decides when a player goes in, can he decide when to call him back? @sanjaymanjrekar
so tendulkar is 39! for the next 12 months i hope he plays with the same freedom and innocence he did when he was 20. can he?
@MitchellGlenn thanks glenn...how did the stint in the comm box again go?
@JStern_Cricket isn't that nice? hope he's keeping well. met him a few times, seemed so dignified.
i don't know if that wicket was easy to bat on but sehwag made it look like school senior team vs sub-juniors
bizarre channel choice at the taj chandigarh. no english news channel, no espn, star sports, no english movies &amp; plenty sundry channels
sehwag looked like he was having fun. like the way he smiles after playing well rather than gritting his teeth. he is today's #VWPP
VWPP
@jonathanliew and i asked him about it at the presentation jonathan. he said he wouldn't try going after steyn anywhere but in india!
@Ponty100mph wondered about that. maybe they think the batsmen are lining up for the big slog and will be surprised. but not working.
@raghavitis only just got back. it does! and just heard the great tony cozier with mikey holding. such a different rhythm
amazing how the world changes. the best chance for the west indies against australia is to produce pitches where the ball turns!
and so to chandigarh for my first mi and king's xi game. mi need to relax a bit and play without fear.
young harshal patel can let the odd ball really zip by. also good energy in run-up. need to keep an eye on him
isn't t20 increasingly going the way of the old 50 over cricket? play carefully at first, go for itt at the end? rcb 64 in 11, 125 in next 9
i thought it was a very nice gesture from ab de villiers to bring appanna with him to the presentation.
today's #VWPP had to be ab de villiers. think appanna would have been in contention for man of the match but power performance came from ab
VWPP
http://t.co/sjleuHlt  another link to my video blog on dravid and rahane @samsoniteindia
@prashant4e fair call. thanks prashant..
hi @debd2209 nrr=rpo (for)-rpo(against).assume make 200,opponents 160.nrr 200-160/20=2.next game make 100,win by 1. nrr=300/40-259/40=1.02
@prashant4e any reason you think so prashant. would like to know. thanks.
amazing the conclusions some people draw. i do not select the tweets read out on the telecast.
these late nights not easy. only just got back from the cnn-ibn studio. game in jaipur later today. rr-rcb on a good surface should be good
easy for all of us to say kkr should have romped home. they needed the 2 points more than a statement of power.
the kkr v dc game didn't really have a power performance, it was a more attritional game. but given that shikhar dhawan was the #VWPP
VWPP
the #VWPP for the mi vs kings xi game was easy after shaun marsh's innings. eg of the freedom of t20 letting a player return to form?
VWPP
a win for king's xi opens up the ipl even more. looks like it might still be open by the time i go to dharamsala!!
mi missing malinga?instead look who they have? 4 india bowlers plus in form pollard plus perera. more than most teams have. should be enough
serious t20 pedigree at the crease for king's xi
78 from 8 overs means this game is open. king's cannot afford to lose wickets.
mi needed to pile on pressure after the 2nd over. king's xi did well to take 14 from the first over after that
met a couple of young tv reporters yesterday.were only searching for a controversy. asked why, said they are told only that matters.
@ameyadalvi do you think they understand a thing or two as well? he is not yet fit
punjab batting with freedom. setting it up nicely. mumbai may rue the first 4 and last 5 overs. need wickets
munaf patel's behaviour tells you why you need yellow &amp; red cards.if there was the fear of him being sent off, we wouldn't see this nonsense
@roshanabbas @Anita_Mudliar no, this was that other one where you made me do a &quot;commentary&quot; on a movie........
@gauravkapur @ayushmannk   samhalke bacche log!!
avijit ghosh in toi is right. too many people mistake ganguly to be a regional icon. he's gone well beyond that as i have seen myself
i really do hope ricky ponting gets runs in the last test. a legend like him must say good-bye at a packed scg or mcg.
excellent and direct as usual from ian chappell.&quot; It's impossible to legislate for captaincy imagination. &quot; http://t.co/xFF5d4eC
from @bhogle Curious as it may seem may be easier for Chelsea to qualify for next CL by winning this CL instead of trying to be 4th in EPL!
from @bhogle  If Barca win nothing this year you must wonder if Fabregas jinxes ... instead of being jinxed.
@santhanamvijay and as @cricketaakash told me the other day if out of touch players struggle at the ipl, it is good for the tournament.
@KannanSharma was the sentence meant to end the way i thought it was meant to.........!
@GaneshNatarajan have known them for a while,that makes it a bit easier!
@ramansundar wonder how an ipl bench xi will look? maybe will do tomorrow when i am more awake!!
alas, hotel doesn't have ten sports...
@ramansundar absolutely. clarke for mathews? .....very tough call.
@Anita_Mudliar dsp black rock?
i thought if sehwag wanted taylor for the end he could have sent ojha at no 4. might have been asking too much of the young negi
many overseas players making a very good reputation here. faf du plessis and steve smith for a start. smith is a wonderful talent
debated between steve smith and jesse ryder for today's #VWPP. eventually went with the longer innings though smith was just as worthy
VWPP
sourav's enthusiasm for this game is amazing. the body isn't quite holding up but he doesn't let that come in the way. m.o.m fully deserved
that is what i loved about today's game: played hard and then everyone had fun. why can't we have more of this?
was great fun talking to viru and sourav at the presentation. they came together laughing--could see affection there
after all the action in csk vs rr, it came down to a good throw. and kevon cooper didn't provide it. the little things that become crucial
@SrBachchan to be honest, i only read out the tweets given to me. but i am always amazed at how you have time to watch so much sport!
tonight barca v real. messi v ronaldo? messi. mourinho v guardiola? mourinho.
off to the kotla for dd vs pwi.hoping to say hello to dada!!
the news for people in england is that owais shah is batting beautifully against decent bowling.
i know menaria is a promising player and this was a decent innings but rr needed hodge more. interchange positions maybe?
my latest video blog on rahul dravid and ajinkya rahane http://t.co/28HWttP4    @samsoniteindia
like the look of the points table at this stage. if deccan chargers can win a couple, will throw it open even more.
i don't know if mitchell johnson is fit, i think thisara perera is though.
the malinga injury will be a huge blow to the mumbai indians. he was the go-to bowler. someone like clint mckay will have to step up.
a player like gayle doesn't need to worry about things like power play.whatever the stage of the game there are no fielders beyond the rope!
@venky1976 i don't either!! maybe while i am watching cricket......
@shishhattangadi now why would you know that shishir!!!
no shreyansh @MediaKaDoctor the only game kapil dev missed was because he was left out. wasn't indian cricket's finest hour.
@SSonalKumar no sonal, i didn't know, i heard it on tv
it is an amazing stat that adam gilchrist hadn't missed a single international for australia due to injury
not too much trouble with the #VWPP yesterday. kevin pietersen and ms dhoni
VWPP
@GregBaum @greigtalks see your are point greg. but indian tv doesn't yet have a subscription driven revenue model. hd has no ads. yet!
oops forgot to post the link to the latest video blog @samsoniteindia. about 4 years of the ipl.  http://t.co/eVUdGpJz
@saurabh7iit no i wasn't. i did the dd vs dc game
hi @alekhya_c quick glance at the records suggests rahane made his international debut on aug 31,2011. the auction was a few months earlier.
latest indian express/cricinfo article. rahane, yadav not yet the &quot;next big things&quot;. http://t.co/RYM3PP2T
have restarted the step out with harsha video blog @samsoniteindia. 1st on whether you like it or not, why you can't ignore the ipl
@ZaltzCricket playing against his team, the marredpally cricket club, was always enjoyable. took a most paternal approach to us kids.
@ZaltzCricket one of the great gentlemen of the game andy. big influence on all of us growing up in hyderabad.
sorry about the morkel line. just got back from the ground and haven't seen the scorecard.
badrinath at the top of the order makes sense but with so much batting to come can get a move on now. morkel at 3?
deccan chargers have a long way to go; need to find some bowlers somewhere. veer pratap singh looked promising.
when you stand next to kp you realise what a big man he is. must be intimidating to bowl to.
easy to nominate the #VWPP today. a memorable century by kevin pietersen.
VWPP
@joybhattacharj tough? even the espn school quiz guys may not have got it!!
maybe @modsteroz can tweet about television production. on drs and the technology mod? @TomMoodyCricket @AltCricket @ramansundar
my friend @modsteroz, and one of the finest tv producers i have worked with, is on twitter. @TomMoodyCricket @AltCricket @ramansundar
pressure too on gilchrist. @cricketaakash made a very valid point today on cnn-ibn.  retired champions having a bad time is not bad for ipl
lots of talk about yusuf pathan. what he needs from the team is calm and confidence.
key changes for kkr. sometimes too many options tempts you. have to win this.
@gauravCNNIBN ah, so you think that is the reason i am happy!!!
the difference in fitness and fielding standards between the young indian players and the overseas pros is far too striking for comfort.
is brad hodge one of the finest strokeplayers against genuine pace? saw him tee off against brett lee last year and now, against steyn.
have never seen a shot like ab de villiers' reverse sweep six yesterday.not a switch hit, a reverse sweep!!! not cricket? or supreme skill?
so @maxdavinci you noticed!!was so wrapped up in interviewing dravid &amp; sangakkara! suddenly remembered i had to do the man of the match too!
once he had five consecutive sixes chris gayle had to be #VWPP.
VWPP
two warm things about yesterday's game in bengaluru; crowd singing happy birthday to murali and gayle visiting the girl who was injured
some thoughts on failure. have had my share. http://t.co/pGWgKGj2
thank you so much for the many warm messages today. as i said i read them all and it feels good....
am i the only one who thinks dravid is having fun like he didn't before? that six was seriously awesome.
what a wonderful cricket match. the royals showing how much you can get from players if you empower them.
didn't believe anyone could surpass jp duminy (58 off 26) but brad hodge did in a remarkable chase (48 in 21). he has to be the #VWPP
VWPP
happy birthday to a real legend #HappyBirthdayMurali
HappyBirthdayMurali
@KannanSharma as it turns out just read about it!!
@garrymck so you are saying don't go geelong either?
no @mohitmarwah am at the ground in jaipur today
@ramansundar @gauravkapur @sneharajani et tu sundar!!
@abhishekiyer7 you defected young man!! remember seeing lots of man united stuff in your house!
cricket milder by comparison....can't handle this football tsunami!! so back to ipl for now; back to rr vs dc. if you are watching, see you!
listen guys @bhogle is an arsenal supporter. there will be a very unhealthy family truce if i go man utd!!
@Yo_Baayce @prashanthrajan no i haven't. really looking forward to game today.
oops,what have i started here!!
@geoparadized good one, must pass on to @bhogle!!
hoping to start following more football next year. thinking which club to follow. maybe go with elder brother and go arsenal?
isn't it true that for all of barcelona's aura real madrid could still be la liga and euro champions?
looks like another hot day in jaipur...but looking forward to the game! many good reasons, dravid and rahane only two.
fabrice muamba discharged. would like the doctors at the ground  to know that in another part of the world someone is clapping for them
there you go @raghavoza  that is why i don't retweet. that line is not mine. you attribute unfairly
often wondered about a bonus point and even asked @ramansundar. he seems to think doesn't work for home/away games. must talk when we meet
@sidvee not much of a cryptic if you look for a snack in p ojha's spin partner for mi!!
what i looked most about this game was that genuinely attacking bowlers won the game for the daredevils.
on the basis that the match tilted in the first few overs the #VWPP was shahbaz nadeem
VWPP
wonder how the daredevils will go when they play on a slow turner. this balance is excellent but short on spin.
good balance for delhi. moment they had to leave out roelof they picked agarkar; needed a late order player who can bat.
@sidvee even i, so poor at crosswords, got that!! had it for breakfast today!
checked into hotel in jaipur a little while back. what were mumbai indians doing? mckay for malinga fair call but would have played perera
http://t.co/Ul6luGXb  on http://t.co/PIrVzaCn i do a video log; quiz questions on t20 cricket. here's a sample.
@S_Ram13 thanks, guess you will get a better idea at the jaipur game tomorrow!!
@Sarfaraz_Tweets i am sure it will benefit pakistan cricket. if conditions exist where the best players in the world can come, even better
@sanjaymanjrekar kharokhar jhakaas
@sanakannan @ksnagarajan no. point made! but max want us to speak in hindi.
@BeingAPari maybe for all indians?? by the way i am from osmania!!!
@sidvee just good absolutely because of the quality of strokeplay
@Sanjay_Dixit  if i did say he hasn't done much in first class cricket then i am wrong. as i said, i meant these players aren't feared
kkr have the players on paper to win the ipl but on the ground, something is holding them back. maybe need the freedom to express themselves
oh, forgot to say that in the first game the #VWPP was sunil narine
VWPP
@Sanjay_Dixit i was under the impression i said &quot;they don't scare people&quot;.
however the #VWPP is about a power performance and that goes to owais shah for his 60 from 26 balls
VWPP
ajinkya rahane played one of the most cultured t20 innings you will see. so happy for him, he had put team interests first on 98 last time
on that note off to get ready. double header,have to leave early for the max studio. last day there for a while, from tuesday at the ground
@prempanicker sure the curry isn't in the pressure cooker?
wonder if the icc want to go back to straight arm bowling as seen by the naked eye. understand the 15deg flex but producing wrong results
@prempanicker  oh..thought you had the apron on!!
in most groups when people say 'put the greater good first' i suspect they mean you sacrifice for my good. you see this in the u.n. too
in most groups,only when individual interests are served do people look beyond.i expect nothing will change as a result of the woolf report
in most groups, which like mixtures retain individual identities, it is very difficult to arrive at a consensus. the icc is such a group.
@vikramsathaye and the 8 biscuits??
for all you guys asking who sent the message, what was it...i saw the game from the same distance you did!!
suspect ashwin's reaction was an outcome of what happened in australia &amp; to some extent, his own frustration with form.
also, we are now seeing how important ashwin and bollinger were in the previous years. but this is the attack they have to make do with
admit i thought csk had too much firepower for pwi but a lot of stayed in the dugout,. maybe they thought 160 was enough?
very difficult to speculate what happened between samuels and ryder but from a distance looked like samuels was merely the messenger.
steve smith's finish ensured he was the #VWPP today. 44 off 22 was the definition of a power performance.
VWPP
for all you south africans your man faf du plessis looking really good; making a strong case for the icc world t20
delighted ravi brought up the straight arm issue today. cricket has to go back to straight arm bowling.
think csk are about 20 short. maybe dhoni should have got going given the wealth sitting in the dug out.
watching my first game on hd. i have never seen cricket like this. enthralled.
@PatSymcox77 ah, it's your birthday! happy birthday patrick...hope you have many fine sunrises to come in life!
@bhargabsarma no i didn't play ranji. i was referring to my first few games as a commentator
@thecricketcouch the disappointment was not with you!
@RajKannan_RK i'm not!!
@cricketingview only continuing because i saw a spark in  you. &quot;arrogance&quot; is about disrespect towards someone whose views you disagree with
@cricketingview of course it isn't beyond critique. there are some terrible games but some excellent ones too. like in other forms.
i think it might be a good idea for csk to try badrinath as an opening batsman. has little to do otherwise and gets wasted down the order
back in 1982 when sadanand vishwanath was just coming up and i had done my first few ranji games, we became friends.
enjoy reading @prempanicker on my friend from many years gone by: sadanand vishwanath.  http://t.co/BhIv2Frl
@cricketingview you are an intelligent man.if you open your mind you might. thereafter your choice. but those that like it are not villains
http://t.co/BkcEmKgi  nice interview with aleem dar. good man. soft spoken and very good at what he does.
@harbhajan_singh @YUVSTRONG12 what a beautiful photograph!
@cricketingview dear kartikeya, intellect is a very good friend to possess but arrogance is a vicious enemy. hope you choose well. take care
@ash_nitw becasue that is the easy way out. understanding the thinkig inconvenient
@saileshkrish of course it is, would have thought it was simple
@thecricketcouch  didn't realise it was so difficult to understand what i am trying to say. very disappointed.
@warne888 come on warnie, come and watch a couple of games. pit stop on your many inter-continental travels maybe?
so ross taylor likely to be fit for the daredevils. play him for roelof and find an indian bowler who can bat? way to go for dd?
@GourabManUtd don't have one!
since some have asked i rejoin the max studio on sunday, then five games from the ground on 17, 19, 21, 23, 25.
@rohanbopanna i hope so rohan. there are a few smaller t 20 events now in pune, jharkhand, bengaluru..that could be a breeding ground
@irrepressible99 you have the power to....don't you!!
@cricketfan93 think the world of them. and pollard and bravo and russell and the admirable darren ganga
just learnt from @cricketaakash that bisla didn't play 1st class cricket this year. value his performance even more. well done kkr.
must confess my admiration for rajasthan royals grows with every match.make the best of what they have. just needed another top india player
kkr can afford to have a couple of players having an off day, rr cannot. for them to win, everyone must be as good as they can be
in a crunch situation kkr had shakib, tiwary, yusuf and ten doeschate available. the kind of riches not available to rajassthan royals
you really couldn't look beyond shakib for today's #VWPP. showed his class.
VWPP
@sanjaymanjrekar don't miss the passage outside the make up room with the posters of every rk film made. gold.
chandimal for goswami and binny for botha would be one way to go for the royals. will know soon enough i guess
in ten minutes on cnn-ibn. looking forward to it. then again at 2330
royals looked a bit thin with their batting. but to play hodge need to choose between hogg and botha. needed another indian batsman
kkr seemed to have picked a better team in their last game but if track slow might look to play abdulla for shukla. have enough batting
on a happier note delighted to join the cnn-ibn gang again tonight at 1930 and 2330 for rr vs kkr.
in fact nilotpal i even said &quot;as they were in the old caste system&quot; @SawyersLawyer
dear @FirstpostSports as most people know i don't normally react but you have done this to me in the past too. It is a poor way to live.
i hope @FirstpostSports has the decency to apologise for twisting sentences and ascribing motives. very disappointed.
dear @FirstpostSports don't you guys read? that difficult? i said &quot;some believe test....brahman....t20...shudra as per &quot;old&quot; caste system...
@venkatananth because i think the &quot;intellectuals&quot; look down on the ipl too much
@venkatananth 140 characters insufficient to reply to that! maybe one day on another forum.
http://t.co/SRFNgqLi  wonder if we will go this way in india some day. performance linked pay not a bad thing
@danbrettig hi dan, if keith stackpole is still there can you say a big hello from me..good man, was very nice to me.
@danbrettig apart from enjoying your writing, also learnt a new word &quot;gloaming&quot;. had to look up the meaning!!
@G_Rajaraman  bheje?
@raghavitis fair enough. that is what i have always said. the public must decide what it wants. but there has to be a commercial involvement
hi @mans786 you mean decline in test cricket? yes, could be one of the factors but not the overwhelming one. t20 too young yet for that.
yes @deadheadsticker @VishnuMohan95 seems ok but in marquee series still like to see 5 tests
@vigsuresh don't really have a problem with that. happens in all walks of life...young cricketers no different.
agree entirely @VishnuMohan95 7 game odi series achieve nothing. generate fatigue.
@SawyersLawyer fair question,nilotpal. would like to see one before making a call.
@srinivaskc guess we all fall into the trap of judging people by our values sometimes! don't worry, not too difficult to love all forms
@ankurv007 because i really like t20 and this is the season. was talking about test cricket when that was on. love all forms the same
@mopsymohan   because i am feeling a bit guilty about the fact that if he did say it,i might have led people into believing otherwise
happy festive day today...hope you have a great day all over india. also, time to remember jallianwala bagh.
http://t.co/MBCFPL1d  latest article
final word on the &quot;jealousy&quot; quote from pietersen....wasn't in @gauravCNNIBN's interview  but might have been in another...we don't know
@andymcg_cricket  must be a different interview then andrew, confused because david refers to the cnn-ibn intereview as well.
maybe @thecricketcouch everyone is taking it from one source who made a mistake...i don't know. but gaurav clearly says he didn't use it
read the entire transcript of the pietersen interview. didn't find the word &quot;jealousy&quot; did say many england players want to play the ipl!
well as marsh played, the win was set up by mascarenhas....he is the #VWPP today
VWPP
shaun marsh coming back to form is excellent for the king's xi and, dare i say given his record, for the ipl
from @gauravCNNIBN &quot; in the interview i did @kevinpp24 did not use the word 'jealousy'&quot;--and yet we have headlines!! let's be a bit honest
king's xi using david hussey very frugally with bat and ball!
i would have loved to eavesdrop on the discussion nehra and dinda were having while batting together!
mascarenhas bowled beautifully but surely pune warriors should have batted out 20 overs, even if it meant another 3-4 runs
remember gayle wasn't on the field.....talking of which, was that expected with the option of fielding dilshan?
remember with all the comments, we have the benefit of hindsight...  with that knowledge knowing what should have been done is easy!
vettori will get a lot of flak but had to bowl kohli, he had no choice. bowled him earlier?like all captains was looking to finish game
...but going by the definition of a power performance, it had to be morkel who hit 28 from 7 and changed the game #VWPP
VWPP
one of those days when it is impossible to make a call on the #VWPP. gayle 68(35), agarwal 45(26),du plessis 71(46),murali 3-21 (4ov)...
VWPP
@sardesairajdeep feel for vettori. he had no choice. gayle off the field and bhatkal had gone for 35 from 2 while kohli had bowled 1 for 8
@sidvee there is little doubt that is he is leading with great flair and is willing to take tough calls. right man for oz at the moment
@sidvee just looking at the card suggests batting at best 70 overs assuming w i got 240 in 80. still a great call but safe in my view
@sidvee well...to set 275, had to make 240. this team would have needed 80 overs, would have left them about 50 to bowl?
@sidvee @danbrettig ....though in general terms what dan says is absolutely correct
@sidvee but sid, australia declared once they were certain they couldn't lose.in such a situation only team batting 3rd can.
@ESPNcricinfo must have followed a wrong path, was surprised myself. figured out the answer from the match report, which i found!!
meanwhile what a great test match in barbados. good captains never stop looking for a win, whatever the situation.
given the rapidity of the responses, here is a query? would a twitter cricket quiz with sponsored prizes be ok with you guys?
@KnightsDen outstanding!
hint: cricinfo don't have the scorecard but you can guess!! (Which current KKR player dismissed Hashim Amla in an U-19 World Cup game?)
trust @joybhattacharj through @arSrikkanth to ruin my morning with a brilliant question that i have retweeted
close call today for #VWPP. eventually went with strike rate. pollard (194) overs shah (185). pollard's bowling wasn't a power performance
VWPP
mumbai indians seem to be able to manage without sachin but can they without malinga?
2330 back with cnn-ibn on rajasthan royals vs mumbai indians
and everyone thought pollard was a no-contest winner of the #VWPP !!
VWPP
this is some flier from owais shah. remember yusuf pathan in ipl 3 when mi made 200 +
oops, spoke too soon
rahane looking special again but it's shah who is playing the flier. in retrospect, good call to play him ahead of hodge
yuvraj very generous about kohli. good to see. don't know how much he can play from here on but am sure he knows we are all behind him
pollard smashing it, bishoo and roach trying to defend for their side. different skills, still cricket.
looks like a fascinating test in bridgetown. think australia will assess at tea but eventually will go for it. that is why they declared.
been thinking why dravid would put m i in. maybe wanted to test his side's chasing skills? but then should have had hodge.
can't believe it was pollard's first 50 in the ipl. but at last has the right batting number. why don't m i  open with dinesh karthik?
on cnn-ibn today from 1900-2000. looking at first week at the ipl.
hope we get a good surface in mumbai, one that encourages good cricket. wouldn't mind being hard pressed to pick #VWPP. any thoughts?
VWPP
i so hope this remains only a tsunami watch and people are spared another round of agony. 2004 still fresh
challenge for the royals to show they can be as good outside their fortress. will start underdogs but as dravid said, they don't mind that.
no @ramjoukani not defending a political stance, merely condemning abuse....just my thoughts....not a political animal by the way!
@FiveRupees so enjoyed your thoughts on india-pakistan. and thanks osman samiuddin for forwarding. good to see many sane voices around.
cannot believe no of people justifying abuse. nothing, nothing can. we're sadder than i thought.
@sardesairajdeep if you expose the fact that you are affected,will get more. these are sad people with only abuse to look forward to. ignore
so west indies imploding...what a pity. worse, you could see it coming. when 1st two innings take too long only side batting 3rd can lose
next week @TusharKeskar , i will be in jaipur doing the game there.
so eventually quite easy to pick the #VWPP. Kevin Pietersen was a power performer in every sense!!
VWPP
@kbawri noticed that too
another csk star doug bollinger clearly not ready yet. and now a message from the match referee coming his way for obstructing ojha
suspect csk need to look at their opening partnership; often that sets the scene. vijay in form and hussey were so important for them
surely you want albie morkel to face as many as possible in the last few overs?
i am convinced that dhoni must, at all times, bat at no 4 for csk. if at all, no 5 but no lower. he and raina best batsmen.
interesting thought while chatting with my son.might be good time to check out contenders for the world t20.west indies looking really good
what's with the run-outs today. my old sports teacher in school would have said 'don't come to the pavilion, go the other way'
problems identified for rcb remain. indian batsmen apart from kohli too weak. saurabh tiwari should have been person to provide that balance
even in a tournament like this takes some time to pick best eleven. kkr close to it. now need shakib &amp; ten doeschate to get some confidence
but for his sensational spell, especially the wicket of ab de villiers, today's #VWPP is the ever smiling balaji
VWPP
ok,here we go with the #VWPP for kkr v rcb. good to see competition. bisla hit big ones and gambhir was back where he belongs
VWPP
sorry @Rituraj9 cricinfo had das first, now corrected to bisla. still a fine,well balanced side
outstanding team picked by kkr with das keeping. has to translate into on-field performance though! rcb balanced too. should be a top game
so, all you fans in bangladesh, what do you think of this? http://t.co/1ey0h9Nq
@mans786 i haven't. that is my brother...intellect resides there!
ok @toyeshshukla &amp; kkr fans.your combo could be: kallis,gambhir,tiwary,shakib,pathan,ten doeschate,das/shukla,bisla,bhatia,balaji,lee/narine
shakib's experience, and especially his form, will be a plus for kkr who, remember they too have quality overseas players.
embarrassment of riches for rcb.prob means mcdonald will sit out inspite of a fine performance.but murali or dilshan?want to take that call?
no doubt in my mind that gambhir must open. will deter opposition from starting with a spinner.
critical kkr win today; a 3 game losing streak at the start can dent confidence badly. if they win have a couple of home games to add pts
http://t.co/CtiOhskT so toi doesn't say delhi daredevils or deccan chargers but can say queens park rangers or tottenam hotspur?
&quot;Practice,&quot;Rahul had said then,&quot;is all about the pursuit of excellence without the stress of competition&quot; from @prempanicker on yahoocricket
@wicaz biased in whose favour vikas?
@KiwiKarts brilliant hope it's going well karts. smiling?
@warne888 slightly different track in jaipur though! with chandimal, rr will look better. must stay in contention till watson arrives
@warne888 close game at last but the grounds are full which is always a good sign. mid-tournament will be a challenge. 1st ratings out tom
big results depend on small things.1 direct hit from parthiv would have done it; and closer examination of the penultimate ball....?
there seems to be a lot of tension when mi are batting. sense it too with kkr. the teams that do well are those that liberate their players
no @gurpals007 it was the square leg umpire's mistake
maybe @SRKfan69 but this is not a man of the match award but a power performance #VWPP
VWPP
once an umpire says not out tv can show replays.cannot then use the replay that has been seen to force a review.correct decision,wrong path.
and the ipl must look at the quality of umpiring. the sangakkara episode very poorly handled all around.
for the resources they had, the deccan chargers did outstandingly. but they must be a great side if they can leave out duminy
i went with dale steyn as #VWPP because you will see fewer greater fast bowling displays than this in t20 cricket.
VWPP
one of those days that came off for rohit sharma, but he left it mighty late. and might have been a bit lucky with the run-outs
when they finish celebrating m i must ask themselves why they got into this situation in the 1st place. it was a poor chase
seriously tough call today for the volkswagen power performance. eventually went with dale steyn #VWPP
VWPP
mumbai indians v deccan chargers today. good surface levi/pollard/rohit for #VWPP. or sangakkara now that he's back?
VWPP
but @anindya0909 @prempanicker i fear it is as true that if we don't promote t20 cricket we may not have enough money to run test cricket
delighted @prempanicker back.frequently takes me away from the present i get trapped in, to a world beyond.like the link to the bryant piece
guys, please do not try &amp; build up something between me &amp; @greigtalks. if everyone had the same point of view there would be no progress
indeed @anindya0909 @prempanicker i've shot with sam and jarrod for the documentary. they are committed and passionate.
sam &amp; jarrod are passionate about test cricket and are doing their bit to preserve it. can you help? you won't regret. http://t.co/okvvnKdO
amruta &amp; girish speak such beautiful marathi..very conscious speaking to them today on star majha. masala looks like an interesting film
a lovely morning away from cricket, but not from studios. met two very interesting people, girish kulkarni and amruta subhash.
brad hodge played a top innings for today's #VWPP and even though samuels was player of the match my #VWPP was steve smith
VWPP
VWPP
another one-sided game at the ipl. really need a cracker now. but very encouraging crowds.
many contenders for the volkswagen power performer #VWPP. unless pathan does something spectacular, could well be the unheralded hodge
VWPP
no @AntarYaami i am overjoyed because that is how it should be.
i love test cricket and sometimes you have to hang in there but 179 from 73 overs on day one isn't doing anything for its popularity.
oh dear, another filmi start to the pune game? is popular culture getting narrower and narrower?
good one @nkharoo  you must do all my replies for me!!
would love to @abhishekol33 but have to leave in an hour!
because @ModernOutdated i don't know how to dance and i don't enjoy it. think my strength lies elsewhere!!
would have been very interested in seeing if england's success on the sub-continent could be replicated in another test.
so another 2 test series comes to an end; the most pointless of all things in modern cricket. it must be outlawed immediately.
oops, pune warriors play king's xi!!
always interesting to see a new stadium and new track come up. think kkr will fancy a belter more than pw.
very amused when people think i am biased towards an ipl team. think i am now biased towards 5-6 teams!!
another double header in studio tomorrow. am told many surprises....
i think delhi daredevils have done well to stay 1-1 till jayawardene and pietersen arrive. but that means will need more indian bowling.
deccan chargers' best chance seems to lie in trying to get in a 130 sort of game. don't seem to have the ammunition to chase 180
with full tosses in fashion for the bowlers, dwayne bravo had a great time. love watching him play because he seems to enjoy every moment
many people asking about doing commentary at ipl. yes i am, beginning the 17th in jaipur.
#VWPP of the day easy to pick in match 1: ab de villiers. choices in game 2 but i went with bravo because it was a real power performance
VWPP
so who's your #VWPP player today. with rcb and dd,many power players. so too with csk. can dc spring one of their own?
VWPP
he only made 27, though off 18 balls, but while it lasted it was great to see adam gilchrist bat. wish you aussies could see it.
@G_Rajaraman aaj sochraun... thoda apan logan bolte waise bolun?
the always excellent @GregBaum links to an excellent article. made my day. http://t.co/yitnSorE
@aigis_nalian was afraid someone would pick it up...should be able to get by in three languages?
have always maintained that mediapersons in india should be fluently bi-lingual and workably tri-lingual. putting myself to my own test.
interesting reading ganguly's comments on bhajji as captain. am sure he has given dinda a huge dose of confidence too.
my #VWPP murali kartik for winning key moments in mi vs pw. and ajinkya rahane, even though his innings had more silk than power.
VWPP
wonderful to see sourav ganguly pumped up. thought he used his bowlers excellently. i think he will look at the batting order again though.
you make your reputation winning matches when the score is 2-2 and you are the lead batsman. that is character, not everyone has it.
@SnehaRajani arre...kya baat hai.....thanks!!
my day was made watching ajinkya rahane bat. smooth, unhurried &amp; classy. pitch might have been flat, outfield quick, but this is a batsman!
bit worried about that wankhede pitch. hope it gets a bit better for the rest of the games. ojha and kartik won't mind!
how can you score 100 at 5/over without getting bowled out when chasing 130? another mi run chase characterised by caution and anxiety.
hi @hemuhere i like the ipl but there seem to be many who don't. can only speak for myself...like all forms of cricket
has been explained so many times: one stand in chennai cannot be utilised as per govt directives. has been like that for a year!
read a report that viewership trends tend to follow attendance trends.will wait &amp; see at the ipl because attendance excellent at 1st 2 games
latest article on why ipl must retain its unpredictability. http://t.co/aiDCF6hO
@cricketingview why shouldn't it? if something is very good, it's very good isn't it....why should the placement of the achievement matter?
@sidvee sure. 3 overs, 3 good batsmen. many good balls that didn't get wickets. turned the game around. yes.
@ruchukhurana thanks ruchika, so did you read it?
two contenders today for the #VWPP. irfan turned it on at the end but i'm going with a great spell of bowling from morne morkel
VWPP
last night was easy to determine the #VWPP in richard levi. many contenders today. what do you think?
VWPP
@RicFinlay @Aggerscricket but what if he says he wants to change his field now for the left hander.
yes @balrajhk my views on the switch hit the same. till such time as a bowler can run in and bowl with the wrong hand, it can't be allowed
meanwhile levi smacks them out of the ground in chennai; same game, different needs. what fun.
england grinding it out in sri lanka. good to see. don't always show that resolve on the sub-continent.
@KrishnaCKPS see my article tomorrow
@nimishdubey i genuinely like the ipl, get excited by it, why do people find that odd? should an image constrain one from having fun?
oops, unmukt chand with india under 19 team playing quadrangular in australia.
delhi daredevils possible xi: sehwag, finch/maxwell, roelof, ojha(wk), bist/chand, v rao, irfan, russell, nadeem, yadav, morkel
suspect final call on lee or narine will depend on surface. if slow, as it was last year, may play narine. shakib in this form, a must.
1st thoughts on kkr: kallis. mccullum, gambhir, tiwary, shakib, yusuf, shukla, bhatia, abdullah, narine, balaji.
delhi daredevils challenge will be to get by two games till jayawardene and pietersen arrive. might be opportunity for indian batsmen.
don't get lulled by that performance from csk. it was an unpredictable pitch and they had a bad day. little doubt they will storm back.
my volkswagen power performance of the match was very easy to judge: richard levi. #VWPP #IPL
VWPP
IPL
Interesting pitch today. Lots of grass but ball not flying. Might be a decoy.
Starting today will be picking volkswagen power performance of the match #VWPP . Many candidates in a game like this.
VWPP
off to the studio then for game 1. should be an interesting day!
@aggarwal_nidhi do i have to be the same?
@AnkitDutta7 sadly no ankit. not on my beat this time
@modsteroz tried calling you on the india no i have for you
dear @ImSandeshJain you might have done that in jest but can be misunderstood....not fair, not right.
@Naveen_Joshi now why would i want to do that. maybe i might really mean it........
@shanu8 now why would you say that?
lots of feedback about yesterday in the studio. thank you. as i have often said, i read all of it and, as long as it isn't nasty, value it.
aala re....whistle podu.....duniya hila denge....raise your hands.....getting into the mood. hope it's a great game today.
@ramansundar already? becoming human?
@Aggerscricket  hi aggers, just saw a tweet from mike selvey that cmj wasn't doing too well. would you know? trust he'll be well soon.
@the_topspin the quality of cricket will be the key i think. need some good matches early on.
@bmrajan @srinirags as i have often said read all feedback. just impossible to reply given numbers. thanks.
yes @dadofad that too is a good option but will depend on dhoni's comfort levels
@AninditaNayak thanks anindita good to know. there are many other training videos from indians in that list too
very little i can do @kiranprasad77 if you choose not to understand. i am saying sachin must stop others saying it about him!!
i don't think thisara perera and mitchell johnson are completely fit and ready yet.
and maybe this for csk: vijay, du plessis, raina, badri, dhoni, bravo, morkel, jadeja, ashwin, bollinger, tyagi?
how about this for mi today? sachin,levi,rayudu,rohit,karthik,pollard,franklin/peterson,harbhajan,malinga,ojha,munaf
but @srinirags as i said yesterday i have to explore the extent of my ability. maybe i'll fail but i'll know i tried
because @puraini i'm not the anchor. i believe you tell when you are asked
but @ankittkapadia am critical of players who say &quot;win-it-for-sachin&quot;. i don't think he has ever said it himself. very unlike him to do so
for ipl to be a long term success,has to be a cricket event.can wear clothes of entertainment but the cricket component will be the key.
ok done with the movie guys, now let's start with the cricketers.
@IPhineasmaximus no, no. kerry can also be a serious cricket broadcaster!!
@rajrao70 i try...old hyderabad influence...you well?
suresh raina is one of the genuine superstars of the ipl. only one to have hit 400 runs in each edition.
i hope sachin stops this nonsense of &quot;want-to-win-it-for-sachin&quot; himself. can even understand the world cup but the ipl?
as a media person, in a sense as a performer, i have to try new genres; extraaa innings in hindi  is that attempt.
bit uncertain, bit apprehensive at the start today. trying something different. felt better by the end
@vivekgupta2011 you are right, actually it is
so sunil narine to play entire ipl...not available for the west indies. don't blame him. has no contract, no guarantee from wicb
will be working with my friend navjot sidhu today. expect lots of laughter.
recorded a couple of episodes of time-out on cricinfo. the one on the ipl should be up by tomorrow morning.
getting ready for my first day in the studio with set max. a bit uncertain, a little apprehensive...yes, happens even after all these years!
excellent decision by sachin to give up captaincy of mumbai indians. can enjoy the ipl and maybe, in doing so, play his best.
so many old memories as i saw the hall of fame and some footage from the espn school quiz 2001-05 on http://t.co/ktWEUirh!
clearly star have backed india's cricket loving public to keep watching cricket. and it is a significant punt on india's economic situation
contrary to what i feared, the rights amount is significantly higher than the existing figure, though the first 2 years are about the same
@pprao what's with the buying?
@gauravkapur @archanavijaya er....which of the two?
ipl previews on cnn-ibn tonight and tomorrow at 1900 with @cricketaakash, @sanjaymanjrekar &amp; @gauravCNNIBN
and talking of world cups would india and pakistan have hosted the 1987 world cup without the efforts of nkp salve? cricket lover. rip.
i wonder if some of you who were too young to appreciate 1983 feel the same way about wc 2011 as we did? and what of people who saw both?
exhilaration this day last year. and strangely, as the day gave way to another, a feeling of emptiness in a hotel room.
do keep an eye on your child. is he/she a loner? talks late? seeming to be disengaged from the world? check out autism support groups
world autism day. i have had the privilege of meeting so many cheerful families of children with autism. support groups do a great job
@cornerd also like pensions given out, surgeries paid for, decent living allowed to 1st class players...not everything good but not only bad
@niranjpc fair call. agree completely. just drawing a parallel on our way of looking at things
just back from an event with cardiologists. now know what warfarin cannot do and what pradaxa (dabigatran) can!!!
shekhar gupta's article on the armed forces reminds me of ind cricket.there is much that is right,we in the media obsessed with what isn't
really nice from shekhar gupta--there is much right with the armed forces too: http://t.co/QbRgJFPA
@jakesprime and arsenal dropping points too!!
@Kirandaredevils of course....team looks better this year
no shikha @SashiSays not a bore but it is their prerogative to watch or to ignore.
@shumpty77 @greigtalks absolutely! we watch what we want to. isn't that how it should be?
oops sorry @sabih_qazi meant the bangladesh premier league (BPL)
@greigtalks in fact i believe the big bash,the pro 20,the bbl, england's own t20 should all have a local flavour. need to connect with fans
@greigtalks that's ok tony. it is in fact an indian tournament.the promos are in a very indian idiom,lots of local dialects, as it should be
what i like most about the ipl team anthems, apart from the energy, is the earthiness to most of them. very local, very indian.
by the way,some very good team chants. love &quot;aala re&quot;, &quot;korbo lorbo jeetbo&quot; and of course &quot;whistle podu&quot;. which do you guys like?
@JimMoriartyy oops shailesh, sure you didn't mean to say that.
so bad news, dd fans, doing quite a few of your games.....on another note, your support last year even after the team had lost was amazing.
last year both delhi daredevils and pune warriors thought i was jinxing them. in fact yuvraj might have said so at the presentation!!
just to clarify, i am not hosting set max's extraaa innings. am in studio most days. but also doing commentary on 10 games.
@nimishdubey yes! see him popping up in serials and movies sometimes...
@MitchellGlenn overjoyed. it was always on the cards....can't keep a good man down. don't try too hard though, you don't need to impress!
getting to know a bit more about a very fine cricketer http://t.co/hlsNPzK2
excellent batting by south africa. but remember the ball goes a long way on the highveld; in the rarefied atmosphere.
excited about doing something different. in the set max studio from april 3. will meet my old friend navjot sidhu too!
enjoyed doing the ipl promo with the young anchors on set max in nagpur today.
@gauravkapur so does that mean you do possess the ability to offer a straight face?
thought the game was at 2130 so missed first half hour. now watching bits and pieces bowlers being hit to bits and pieces.
@SachinKalbag thanks sachin...it was so long ago....
@niaz_iba announced by ceo of ipl @ramansundar
@Prasanna711 test matches against australia and then england. won't be available for most of the time
@vailad 500+ which game are you talking about?
@ZENIADCUNHA they are not the strongest. wouldn't begin favourites and i'm sure they know it too
@Sarfaraz_92 sarfaraz, it doesn't matter what you and i think...this is not a cricketing decision. sadly.
@Shivasrk8 playing for mumbai indians
@snitesh11 no, they missed out on the main players
well played sri lanka. always on the cards. on a track where spinners did so much my man of the match would be jayawardene
i thought someone would have looked at kevin o'brien. there are a few overseas players in there that he is definitely better than.
so latest pune warriors signings: michael clarke and tamim iqbal. good choices.
for all those urging me on to jhalak dikhla jaa, thanks but....i describe a spectacle, i do not become one!
news story about me being approached for jhalak dikhla jaa. yes there was a phone call and no, i'm not! very good idea of what i can't do!
@ackershd looking forward to saying hello. what's the bengaluru shopping list looking like?
@Bhardwajmeha very well done. many more coming your way in this happy season i'm sure.
no @jain_rachit me dancing? where did you get this news?
@LalitKModi @warne888 agree. warnie, you were a big part of the success of the ipl.
@gauravkapur @sanjaymanjrekar @shibanidandekar but why should that be a problem.....anything i need to know?
always felt dravid to be the true successor to the gavaskar school of batsmanship. smg presenting to rd would have been for the memories
know it was a bcci function last night, &amp; so bcci officials needed to make the presentation,but would have been good if gavaskar had done it
recorded a series of questions on the ipl for http://t.co/PIrVzaCn this morning. some good ones.
both rahul and vvs a bit emotional. can understand. they have played so much cricket together.
flabbergasted at conspiracy theories about tendulkar's absence at rahul's felicitation. will we grow up or is it too inconvenient to do so?
ah then, swann can bowl on the sub-continent!!
finished arranging all ipl teams by batting/ bowling etc. now to analyse for a demanding sports editor at cnn-ibn!!
ah, at last, my twitter account is verified!! thanks to shailesh rao at twitter.
@gauravCNNIBN @thecricketcouch and i thought we were friends. but making solid progress with my phone! even emailed a photograph!!
@mohitmarwah am I? had requested....how does one know?
bit disappointed by events around the army.have always been a huge fan of the defence forces..one of the few institutions we can look up to
@mmbangwa @SuperSportCric do i get to see you soon pommie?
@rahuldugal there were 4 in this game...maybe that is the difference
mark boucher has 999 dismissals in international cricket. now that is one record that is not going anywhere!!
my podcast with @thecricketcouch. what do you think? http://t.co/RZ81JG1z
often the person you are determines the professional you will become. as we felicitate dravid today, three cheers to his family.
absolutely @SachinKalbag for our generation 10122 still a great number
@IPL5ROCKS @abhi4u1986 disappointed that you should feel so. hindi is our language and we should be able to speak it.
@WestlandBooks extremely disappointed to read this. i thought there were two authors
@newyogibear sadly much to do other than watch cricket! but any jayawardene innings is so pleasant to watch
gavaskar's 10122, a number that made us proud, now in 9th place overall. how time changes things!
mary kom and sarita devi win india gold in the asian boxing. marykom must be among the most amazing indian sportspersons ever.
looks like jayawardene has produced a classic at galle. more trouble for swann in these conditions?
@im_nits love the way you guys jump to conclusions without knowing reality!!
will be in nagpur on the 30th as part of the extraa innings team for ipl
@gauravkapur lakes?  in bhopal? good to know
bumped into shaun pollock (@7polly7) in the oberoi a couple of days ago. top man. here with the mumbai indians
@ShibaniFC @shibanidandekar  relax. &quot;not done&quot; only as the opposite of &quot;done&quot;!!
interesting conversation with @thecricketcouch. podcast should be up in a couple of days i think
@shibanidandekar @nitish_rs  NOT DONE!
@KassNaidoo and how is everything?trust all well.
and late in the evening farewell for castrol's head naveen kshatriya. usha uthup rocked and lots of nice things said....
rushed visit to pune but great time at @prakashiyer's 50th. well done prakash and savitha...excellent afternoon.
excellent article by hema ravichander on the real problems women face at the work place. http://t.co/e28Q5SIU
who's writing vernon philander's script? all you south africans, put your hands up and tell me if you rated him before his debut.
@csramachandran agree completely.it is disrespectful. they deserve to play as much as anyone else.
there is a t20 qualifier on today between namibia and ireland. winner gets to play the t20 world cup. for them as big a game as any.
@RamizSpeaks but ramiz bhai it is important to see ke yeh news kahan se aa rahi hai!!
@S_Ram13 i don't remember doing any &quot;dancing&quot; shots at all. in fact i told them i couldn't dance to save my life.
@priyakan would rather it was the latter two than the first priya!
@maheshmurthy one of the reasons i don't retweet is that people remove the original name and retweet as if it is mine which isn't right.
@maheshmurthy there must be a metric to measure genuine achievement. get a bit disillusioned by the fluff in our society
@SilentMutterer but johm,you have the option of not reading. the power is yours
@Arun__Gladiator embarrassing for the two to be compared. rahul's performances in his activity vastly superior
yes @rajyeramala one of the biggest unspoken problems in world cricket is the liberties people are taking with the boundary distance.
but @11Ibrahim37 i am often accused of the opposite! guess you can't please everyone!
@Prashu_420 waiting for the i-league to take off to support a club. otherwise watch what's on tv. but not appointment viewing.
@maheshmurthy   sobering thought that! the real influencers need to be people who are doing significant work.
excellent evening yesterday in the company of old friends....with cricket only a rare, passing mention.....campus friends are for life
@maheshmurthy hi mahesh, does one need to be a blogger to be an influencer?
very interesting from ian thorpe : You can have tremendous success &amp;amp; not be enjoying something.I've had bitter (cont) http://t.co/K8amcg4v
@nithinrao can't always read the comments there but try. but i do read every comment here
latest article. what do you think? http://t.co/eEIYFfJ8
the winning way was at a day long session for the oberoi mumbai top management today. a day well spent
oops, must congratulate afghanistan on making their 2nd t20 world cup. what a story! let's applaud the spirit.
and on that note, having ushered in an auspicious day.....good night. long day ahead
gudi padvyachya hardik shubhechha. lahanpani gudi ubhi karayla gharavar chadhaycho!
telugu nuthana sanvatsaram.ugadi subhakankshalu. remember the pachchadi fondly.
shakib got player of the series, deservingly so...but how good has mohd hafeez been for pakistan!
looks like i missed a wonderful cricket match...had a prior appointment but bangladesh have come of age here. challenge to be consistent
csk, rcb, mi top fan charts? what do you think?
this year would like to see bit more from fans at deccan chargers and king's xi. also interested in ganguly factor with pune warriors.
last year was amazed by daredevils fans. team wasn't in semi-finals but last two games were sell outs.
i guess in a week's time many will be asking if they are kkr or csk or dd or mi fans!
see fans for united, chelsea, arsenal, liverpool everywhere...man city too new in our part of the world to build a fan base?
bangladesh temperament will be tested today. will see if they have made gains after the world cup
if a cricketer tries to influence an umpire into giving a wrong decision he has to be penalised.
been seeing some tendulkar interviews for my article today. is there a word more abused today than &quot;exclusive&quot;?
@cricketwallah was wondering what the matter was. from rajasthan?
@shaileshrao hi shailesh, only just discovered you are at twitter now! do you know how i can have my twitter id verified?
just been given this link for the video blog celebrating kohli's 183  http://t.co/qvVprtZw
oh dear @viditb nirphanas is bread fruit apparently  phanas in marathi is jackfruit and this looks like jackfruit
@kunalyashh so what do you think kunal...should i be saying my mother's in law face aglow? think you are mistaking with the plural
@achettup good one.....
@paritoshZero and needless to say, you will be welcome. goan style astil. ani tu tar jawalach aahes
meanwhile some crabs have just arrived at home; mother-in-law's face aglow.....vegetarian me eyeing nirphanas as i get back to work!
for all those who asked, i will be in the studio for most of the time in the ipl. will do some games too. really looking forward to it
india don't play again till july. this is a good time for a serious review. far too many worrying issues to ignore
of course @keyurmunot shakib would walk into any team's first xi today.for peterson in sa, for jadeja in india, for samit patel in england..
about kohli's 183. latest video-blog @samsoniteindia http://t.co/RM4lljpi
well played bangladesh, good to see the new confidence and depth in batting. in shakib you have one of the game's top players now.
if every party knows what it is right for india but is unwilling to do it, does it make all of  them anti-national?
just finished recording a video blog on kohli's spectacular innings. where does it stand...what are comparable innings? what do you think?
just back from kolkata...outstanding nirphanas at home courtesy the kenkre family from goa!!
no @Raj_Shake_Her didn't say raving!! conclusion may not be right
the dvd launched today is called the warrior prince. good quotes from sachin, rahul, sehwag, bhajji, yuvraj, ponting and g chappell
remember doing an interview with him after the lords 100 in '96. his timing then was better than his felicity with words. now both equal!
no @rameshnat27 not nitpicking. you are absolutely right. i meant to say felicity. thank you.
sourav excited about leading pune warriors and opening the batting. even started giving me his batting order!! still passionate
remember doing an interview with him after the lords 100 in '96. his timing then was better than his facility with words. now both equal!
praised rahul dravid handsomely, said virat's was the best odi innings, even praised greg chappell's thoughts on batting.
brilliant evening talking cricket with sourav ganguly, tracing key moments in his career. was candid, fair and seemed at ease
sadly no @ArjunitedRed moved to my nokia lumia a week ago. still finding my way around it.
it promises to be a special evening. will tell you about it once it is done.
my travel machine takes me to kolkata today. an evening with someone i have always got along well with - sourav ganguly
@gauravkapur ah-ha! does the restraining order apply to me or only to people of your vintage??
to some ipl is like the cricketing voldermort. but i'll tell you what it has done. it has induced irreverence towards targets.
so was i the only one who thought tendulkar batted like someone whose load has just been lifted?
@jakesprime   you are not following cricket in scandinavia, are you?
two sensational wins and india still depending on someone else. good time to think about what produces consistency,
thought after hobart that kohli went up three notches as an international player. add one more today.
@chinz13 no arpit, it makes it possible without being overbearing.
i've had a simple approach to doing things. try my best everytime...if it isn't good enough that's ok, we're hardworking folk, not geniuses
the key to being in the media is to be able to do everything. nothing too small. whether twitter, a video blog or a book.
i wonder if the video blog will become an alternative media outlet one day. incredible how the internet is democratising media.
the step out with harsha video blog @samsoniteindia has gone past 3 million views.overwhelmed.thought we'd just have fun when we started out
@BumbleCricket met someone who remembered you from years ago...malcolm the money man? from when you were coach.....
and met some bright young musicians who sound excellent. band called advaita. always excited to meet young people with ambition.
wonderful time with the people at google today. and then a boat ride on the lake pichola on a lovely night back. blessed.
ajaz ashraf in pakistan's daily times. http://t.co/WUyGU3j9  now why haven't i read more from him?
yes of course the 99 world cup!
oh no, the monsters at star cricket with the kenya century at the '96 world cup! met him the previous evening...eyes were swollen and red.
i must switch off the tv now...need to be ready for this evening...  in case you missed it, my thoughts: http://t.co/4U8PL4Af
@gauravkapur   feel sorry for you. all this talk about @lailarouass and the prospect of working with sherry and me at the ipl!!
@profbatra jumping to conclusions?
also, commentary on that game with the late peter roebuck. what a special talent and to think we use the past tense.
just watched birmingham '96 again. extraordinary. was on first time with alan wilkins. he sounds just the same...me? don't want to know!
in a hotel room in udaipur mesmerised by some of tendulkar's hundreds on star cricket...so many memories
here are 3 to stand the test of time. bradman avg 99.94, tendulkar 100 x 100 and murali 1334 international wickets
there are other records to compare it to but it is still an incredible achievement http://t.co/4U8PL4Af @samsoniteindia
meanwhile india need to launch a manhunt for bowlers. remember raina bowled 7 overs for 30!! too many 5th bowlers?
very well played bangladesh. this is the spunk people around the world have been waiting to see. can you keep doing it?
my video blog on sachin's 100th 100 @samsoniteindia  http://t.co/4U8PL4Af
meanwhile, remember, the game is still open. bangladesh making a fine reply
yes @Coldogs many metrics to judge players by...averages, aggregate runs, centuries...across eras each fails
hi @K__Sharma every society allows for contrarians. that is how it should be.
you are right @WikiPope , they should have. but don't grudge anyone an astonishing achievement
so @achettup i gather you are unhappy!!
nothing though can beat the tendulkar-chepauk association. three unforgettable centuries: pakistan '99; australia '98, england '08
so many memories...saw the first seven test hundreds, the first odi century.....seen so many gems that are buried among the diamonds.
hi @sherwincoelho : as it turns out sherwin, i recorded the video blog during one of the longer breaks on cnn-ibn. should be up tomorrow
tendulkar stands atop a summit that no one else can scale. it must be some feeling.
two and a half hours on cnn-ibn!! again on at 2100. great joy everywhere
yes!! well done superstar! what joy following your career. man and cricketer, what an ornament!
meanwhile did i just hear the wicket keeper say &quot;well done maite&quot;?
i'm sitting down to watch and enjoy tendulkar. i am but i must admit i am enjoying kohli just as much
latest article. let's enjoy tendulkar, damn the 100. would love to have your thoughts. http://t.co/nxZCpsgy
@jakesprime jakes, enjoy your environment....am sure far more exciting than the budget!!
@jakesprime so looks like you are having a lot of fun. lots of people from all over the world?
so if india beat b'desh tomorrow it is an india-pak final. the two remaining matches have no meaning. how much did the earlier games have?
ah @KaustubhV nice to know that being diplomatic is a modern inadequacy!
@ElanShenthil @RobertJEEvans @StephenBrenkley sorry, have i missed something?
very perturbed by the anger and the obsession for numbers in our cricket. have just done my weekly article on it.
@RamizSpeaks was only just told about that. brilliant.
just got out of my room in delhi and saw henry kissinger sitting on the sofa by the lift!! #thesethingshappen
thesethingshappen
the latest time-out with sanjay manjrekar and vb chandrashekhar on the choices for india. http://t.co/hmtjxEor
@sthalekar93 hi lisa, would have loved to come for the launch event. henry lawson had told me about it but didn't know the date. you well?
@jakesprime wow, have a great time.....rest of the mortals are busy earning a living!!
@areaneyday and where are you anyway?
@PatSymcox77 so you took me seriously then!!! got you!
just learnt kipling said &quot;what should they know of england who only england know&quot; so was clr james' immortal line just an adaptation?
@PatSymcox77 ah,uncle pat, so you think cricketers shouldn't be in real estate unless they can mix cement? you well i hope!!
@shailichopra can understand a premium because they spend a lot on r&amp;d which earns nothing. but how much? must speak to a pharma person
so india allows a cancer drug to be sold at 3% of its retail price. so how is pharma pricing done?
@YUVSTRONG12 stay strong my friend. you have many on your side. harsha
i think @23_balaji i might know having worked with him!! he still follows every domestic game and has seen most players
one of the reasons i have enjoyed working with sourav ganguly in the commentary box is that he is still in touch with domestic cricket.
this is the kind of tournament indian cricket should be promoting; not the duleep trophy or the deodhar trophy.
i believe manoj tiwari should have been playing this game. if he isn't going to get a game in dhaka, might as well play here
good to see shukla playing a lead role in a game. he's always been better than he has allowed himself to be.
@TbagNethula cricinfo reporting you might play at hamilton. hope it goes well. baaga spin cheyyandi!!
hi @davesattout,  @warne888  is one cricketer i would get up anytime to listen to when he is talking cricket.
@warne888 absolutely. think we have lost it. real reason is, i fear, everyone profits from his 100th. it's not about him any longer.
if we lose the joy and focus on the no, are we watching for the wrong reason?
eventually we watch cricket for the joy of it all. a no is the by-product of the joy.
more talk today about sachin's 100th. bored. is this what we have reduced a great player to? just  a no?
excellent  :  http://t.co/yyWpsec5
many saying rahul should be used by the bcci......well they had the option of using anil kumble too........
@sardesairajdeep the punjabi-isation of a goan then?
in case this got missed amidst all the twitter activity yesterday @samsoniteindia http://t.co/Qe7Lfpri
by the way, how many of you notice rahul wore an india tie to announce his retirement?
The latest @SamsoniteIndia Step Out With Harsha video blog capturing my thoughts on Dravid's retirement. http://t.co/Qe7Lfpri
@Neeraj_Gudapati no,not that i remember. where did you see it?
@Chockalingam_V oops i thought there were eleven indians!
rahul called a couple of days to say he was retiring. told him his timing was perfect but that there was a lump in my throat.
missed the press conference because i had committed to an event but it must have been classy. like the man i have had the honour of knowing
http://t.co/Bhgc3hZ8  simple thoughts on a great man
@mmbangwa @PatSymcox77 hope you guys are well. coming to india soon?
@PatSymcox77 @mmbangwa ah, two bowlers, reduced to finding joy with coffee!!!
@paritoshZero vicharla kaaran kadhi kadhi tu je jevtos tyacha aamhala uchhar suddha karta yet nahi!!
i seem to recognise some of the names praising dravid fulsomely as those that were using unbecoming language some time ago.
@paritoshZero tu kadhi varan bhaat khatos ki nahi?
anyone else having trouble getting onto cricinfo?
@warne888 looks like he will make the announcement tomorrow warnie. but will continue to read the royals.
holding back my thoughts till i hear a formal annuncement. but if he retires it will be an emotional moment for me
thank you so much for all your tweets about the espn school quiz. means a lot to me.
from the messenger's point of view though, if his message has to be accepted, it has to be packaged invitingly!
and on that note hope you have a very fun-filled holi!!
sometimes in our hurry to shoot the messenger we don't bother reading the message and debating it dispassionately.
in our schools,at home and at work, when faced with a problem we ask an &quot;authority&quot; for a solution.we don't encourage decision making.
one of the issues before corporate india today is that young managers are conformists through having grown up in a culture of having to obey
can't believe india picked 15 players for a one-off t20 game. 12 should have been fine. nothing worse for a player than watching others play
if espn school quiz is indeed coming back, i wish it well. i hope it is conducted with more flair and gusto, and compassion, than before.
the espn school quiz was a big part of my professional life; taught me a lot,learnt so much from the kids who participated. remember fondly
some people, very young then not quite as young now, asking me about the return of the espn school quiz. believe so but know nothing more
exactly @rambthummala @gauravCNNIBN that is the point i often make of the quality of our reporting. don't watch it.
when an excellent editor empowers a passionate writer, this is what you get. http://t.co/YnYayawk there is sport beyond rifts and scandal.
on selections @gauravCNNIBN is calling a spade a....well...read on. http://t.co/sxAY7K09
@thecricketcouch sorry slipped my mind. replied
of course @badnoc bachpan me patangan bhi bhot pilaye!!
can't believe the great viv richards is 60. had dinner with him during the world cup and he looked ready to take guard!
so why are people amused that i keep my eyes open with what is happening in football? cricket is my profession but i love all sport.
interesting that an aussie paper is talking about mourinho asking for 18m &amp; ronaldo to move to chelsea but nothing in the daily telegraph?
interesting to get an insight into indian cricket http://t.co/HmKN4zv2
@vibharishi trust you to come up with that!! all well i hope!
last i knew advertising was a culture specific activity aimed at enhancing sales. if so, can a cannes award be (cont) http://t.co/zytZjy6u
amazed how overseas ad &quot;gurus&quot; come to a new land and demolish culture specific advertising. grey honchos rate airtel &quot;friends&quot; 1/10!!
yes money is important but to assign all ills to it isn't fair. it is a factor but not the only one. many well paid are true to their craft
just because indian players get paid very well to say that they play only for the money is not being completely fair to them
@modsteroz so when do you come in?
jayawardene saying he'll pay his fine if he gets paid is the kind of comment that makes post match interviews interesting.
there is something about the way sri lanka play cricket that is both endearing and admirable.
@DOAGfilm looks great. possible to email me a few pictures?
@warne888 will switch on to ipl5 end of the month when i do previews for cnn-ibn. will enjoy being in the studio for the games. you well?
sri lanka walking this now @warne888 . should win easy. far too much class there to choke from here.
@DOAGfilm very well thanks. remember that moment well. how did the one we shot in adelaide go?
only following scores for most part today. but difference once jayawardene opens palpable.when top order stable,easier for those that follow
@nairarunraj and why would you say so? fewer teams can play limited overs cricket too!
looking forward to the scores from the vijay hazare 50 over tournament. like it. players should always play for states not zones.
the success of the pratiyogita darpans tells us thing or two about our exam system but also about the great need for knowledge and education
&quot;knowledge&quot;magazines like pratiyogita darpan greater readership than india today according to readership survey. very interesting!
so between the asia cup and the ipl, india travel to south africa to play a t20 game??
australia's bowling looks in very good hands in tests but fickle in odis.is it the length they bowl?excellent for tests,not best for odis?
harbhajan says the outfield at palam prevents good fielding. very valid point. anyone interested?
what i do know about sport is that the more you fear defeat the more you attract it. maybe that's the case with insecure managers at chelsea
greatly suspect chelsea's problems lie more with the owner than with the manager. but i could be wrong. what do the football experts think?
bengaluru hotter than mumbai? what's happening?
tweeting with @warne888 reminds me one of the best interviews i did was with him in jaipur for cnn-ibn. talked about captaincy and much more
@warne888 will be enjoying the cricket warnie!! now, do you think i should have been in the foreign service!!!
http://t.co/Tcumx7p2 my old friend andrew leipus writing an article that needed to be written. hoping to see more.
saw a full football match after a long time. loved watching with @bhogle and nephew.faces when v persie scored winner priceless
@paritoshZero soon after two others on way to b'lore!!
it must be said though that the two most impressive sides over the cb series will play the final.
not many tweets today. was with &quot;the winning way&quot; with jk helene curtis in thane. very interesting evening,final score was followed though!
last couple of video blogs @samsoniteindia http://t.co/vRHyhyuw  and http://t.co/BV3mmfJj
latest video blog http://t.co/h3Tbqh4H @samsoniteindia
sign of a good team when part-timers stand up to play a role. thirimanne's 4 overs fine effort.
@greigtalks and that's a fair call. for some reason struggle against sri lankan bowling!
whatever the situation @greigtalks it would be so unlike australia to produce a result depending on who they prefer to play wouldn't it?
@manuviraj that isn't a problem. if i am allowed my views you are entitled to yours
@TbagNethula knew him very well...in fact were classmates for a couple of years at st johns. do wish him well on my behalf.
well said by @wvraman whose views always evince interest. come on rajasthan.http://www.sportstaronnet.com/stories/20120308504202700.htm
amazing how games turn! christian's last 5 overs 5-11! sri lanka at least have a fighting chance.
the presence of watson gives australia so many bowling options. pleasant selection issues for the final?
@TbagNethula @DEEPAKYADAV tarun,many memories of marredpally. didn't live there but many friends.not in touch with v manohar by any chance?
latest article on virat kohli. views welcome. http://t.co/1s8MZJto
@wvraman fair call sir raman!
@wvraman and what's with the hindi?
so srikkanth will get roasted for his outburst but the one that provoked it will remain anonymous.
hope elevationof kohli isn't stop-gap or reward for batting but long term view. if, say, dhoni unfit for sri lanka will kohli be captain?
selectors don't have to have a word with gambhir but will be good if they have spoken to him. small things....
i greatly fear tiwari won't get a game again. unless rohit sits out. whoever plays must get all three games. that's why against picking 15
guess if india stay on in the cb series, sehwag and yadav will be playing through injury.
@LloydMathias looks like clips from an ad shoot!
http://t.co/mODaqH88  interesting story of the rise of lisa sthalekar. should be an interesting book
anyone game to look at a current world xi of players of indian origin? and a similar one of players of pakistani origin?
oka over chusanu. konni runs icchadu kaani baaga spin chesadu!
new zealand's latest odi player is tarun sai nethula from kurnool! ante manawade na?
will be on cnn-ibn as soon as the asia cup team is announced
@thecricketcouch got it. will do. will reply!
cricket, and a fine turn of phrase, from a commentary colleague i always have fun with: geoff lawson: http://t.co/KN1Iwz5H
when we wrote &quot;the winning way&quot; in may we wanted a middle manager and a fast-tracker to launch it. we chose gambhir and kohli!!
a little disappointed that not enough credit goes to gambhir. has had a role in most big indian wins since his arrival
given this was 3 days old, makes even more interesting reading: http://t.co/2ZKYFSNn
really liked what i saw of saha in the test. has scored a lot of runs in domestic cricket and his keeping very tidy.
i think vinay kumar has a hamstring problem. i considered that.
i think dhoni has had far too much on his plate. we haven't appreciated how much he has had to do...let his put his feet up
tendulkar, sehwag and zaheer likely to be drained and we won't learn anything new.picking rahane means choosing between tiwari/rohit
this will guarantee 3 games (maybe 4) to the top 6 batsmen and allow flexibility with the bowling.
raina good player in these conditions plus will bowl; jadeja not good enough yet as batsman but his nos are not as bad as they seem
my team: gambir (c), raina, kohli, rohit, tiwari,saha,jadeja, ashwin, ojha, pathan, yadav, praveen &amp; dinda. only 13, no need for more
put my neck on the block and picked my team for the asia cup. have picked keeping in mind no of games and conditions
off to look at today's cricket on cnn-ibn at 730pm. might also put forward my team for the asia cup. have it ready!
some pakistan players seem to have made a very quick trip to bangladesh for the t20 there!
@diplal  sasurji, sab salamat?
@ashwindoke and ashwin even that is a special no!
it was a stunning performance but i hope one great show doesn't cover for all that happened before!
this is what india can do but conceding 320 is also what india can do! india's future not in their hands but that too their own doing!
live on cnn-ibn immediately after this game ends
104 in the last 8 overs of power play!
cricket showing that even the outstanding lasith malinga can have a day like this.
this has to be the best of virat's 9 hundreds. this was seriously special. another step up in a fine career
if india don't lose wickets in the next two overs they should keep the power play going
long way to go but if sri lanka are playing after over 40 they will know they will got out of jail
90 from the last 10 with 7 power play overs and malinga having an off day. just need to keep hitting the gaps. for sl 2 quiet overs enough
bowling power play. hitting the gaps normally is often good enough. trying to score too many often the problem
good period of play for sri lanka. at 20 ov ind 160-2, next 7 overs only 39.
keeping wickets key here but can't let asking rate climb too high. can mislead yourself into thinking that 100 from last 10 gettable
10 behind where india need to be. should be in a situation where you don't need to slog in the power plays. that is what sri lanka will want
if india are getting 8 an over without losing wickets, don't need to take the power play
interesting to see when sri lanka take the bowling power play. will have to take it by over no 31 unless india are in a batting power play
keeping up with the run-rate...this is excellent batting
this sri lankan side has got better and better as the series has gone on. chandimal a find, mathews  making progress more progress
last 5 overs very good for sri lanka. cannot allow asking rate to go above 11.
@AnuragDahiya ah, so you are on twitter. and that is jaane bhi do yaaro isn't it?
easy to say dhoni letting it drift...but where are the bowers to exert pressure?
no @pratiekjain you need to keep the runs down and take wickets
unless something dramatic happens from here, india will be chasing minimum 7 an over in the 40 they have. maybe even more.
i think chasing is better when you have a iimited no of overs. could end up collapsing trying to score too many batting first
must say i expected to see manoj tiwary play today.
kyle mills makes a pertinent point about length of boundaries today. napier is 50 metres square?
talking hockey on cnn-ibn at 10pm. with jagbir singh, one of my favourite tv analysts.
pray don't generalise about the australian media. largely they call it as they see it which is the best way to do it
don't know what's worse: an australian paper using language that is unbecoming or an indian paper repeating that.
@Palkalaichelvar delighted to say i have no clue what you are on about!
@bhushan_md81 love the way you jump to a conclusion! a point of view must be substantiated...no need you think...just shoot and go?
http://t.co/S0b6VNt3 the article i linked to. written by stuart macgill
what a lovely, intelligent article from a thinking cricketer! now that is what you want from a cricketer-writer! http://t.co/S0b6VNt3
@debasish_mishra but you have the option of switching off. more of us should do that
no @kshitij_kotak didn't want to be a commentator on the hockey. don't know enough. just enjoyed being a fan
@uthraGC enjoyed your coverage of the hockey. it needs missionaries to erase decades of callousness.
if we reward the drag flicker individually, outstanding as he was, will the forward go for goal or play for the penalty corner?
the only thing that hurt yesterday were the individual awards for goal scoring. the person who puts the ball in is the last link in a chain
michael nobbs puts things in perspective. this is the beginning. we will now have to become faster, fitter. spot on.
will put thoughts on the hussey / lee affair on my step out with samsonite video blog today.140 characters too few to explain point of view
the morning after: what i loved most about yesterday's win was the intensity. india played at the same speed for 70 mins.
enjoy the hockey guys...why so many references to cricket in the tweets i'm reading. can't we look beyond?
must confess i didn't realise how pacy this indian team is. loved the body language, the smiles. talk about quality of opposition tomorrow!
what a performance! india attacking in waves, unstoppable. beautiful to watch
how sad is that @GSSantosh india winning and you want us to watch one london team vs another?
london calling! now just a question of how many. hockey experts do tell me: are india that good today or france ordinary?
ok twitter break. just watching now
wow, this is speed. must admit the french goal was brilliant. but 3-1 now
wow sandeep. 2-0
yes. 1-0 almost 2. absolutely enjoying this
i do wish though that the commentator could get the pronunciation right. can assure you not difficult
somehow can't associate india in white. we are light blue.
wow, television pictures giving a real high. well done hemant buch who is directing. keep it coming
feeling a tingle of excitement as i wait for the hockey to begin...so many memories from years gone by...excited
i wonder how ashwin and irfan see this situation...as going through the motions or as the opportunity of a lifetime?
i wonder why the word &quot;insipid&quot; keeps coming back to me......
ah @prasan_kumar no one really. i know who i am supporting in the hockey match tonight
@nottherealwiz by the way had carried my geelong shirt to australia.sadly the guys who normally wear it are a little bigger built than i am!
hope there are no conspiracy theories after today's game. you can debate every event and interpretation but most times the better team wins
would you believe it....there's an asia cup after this! will try and post a possible team for that today.
http://t.co/vZkqVwLh post from sid monga that explains the law. this is good journalism
i thought dhoni was excellent in the last 20 overs. followed his instinct with sehwag. he's at his best when he's got spinners to play with.
the much criticised bowlers have done their job today. take wickets,the runs dry up! focus firmly on the batsmen
@chippy_the_guv @JohnSunCricket @jimmaxcricket could not agree more. spirit of the game too fuzzy
yes @KaddakChai intensity comes from outstanding fielding. makes bowlers look better.
@jimmaxcricket difficult to judge intent.hand up very early vs not being that far away from body.kind of decision you'd give but not be sure
india need wickets now else 280 easily achievable.
i think that's it for jadeja today. but dhoni clearly looking to fill yadav's overs.
the raina catch showing up modern television. cameras so close you have no idea how much distance he had to cover.
sorry @tradingtin dhoni had to appeal. was within his rights. couldn't have known if action was legitimate. relax
@Teddler ted, the mankad appeal was out. it shouldn't have been withdrawn because the batsman was intentionally taking advantage
does open a can of worms though. will players use the hand or bat to prevent ball hitting them in future?
strangely, hussey would probably have been home anyway. but yes, very difficult to judge intent.
very tough call for the 3rd umpire. had to judge if obstruction was wilful or to avoid the ball. put hand up far too early for my liking
is that so @raghavanvng ? i have no idea of the existence, or otherwise, of the espn school quiz.
australia lower order vulnerable today. india need to keep it tight will lead to wickets. expect to see a fair bit of raina today
india getting wickets but bowlers struggling to maintain pressure. too many escape options for australia.
from @bhogle : Tough Sunday. India must defeat Australia. Arsenal must defeat Spurs. My big fear is that neither might happen.
@jhunjhun1981 yes i did! was pretty hard though
and for the rest of us dear @paritoshZero simple bhakri and pithla made for an outstanding lunch!!
do read this from @cricketaakash: http://t.co/EfCx3h63
before people complain of bombardment from a strictly amateur photographer with a simple camera, last one for now http://t.co/k0K2fkkv
someone asked if i saw seals!! many more at kangaroo island but this one in dunedin.  http://t.co/Ee3QLfJw
little known but extremely pretty stanwell tops just outside sydney http://t.co/TWFw1zjD
at the minus five deg bar. it was, as you can see, cold. but loved it. http://t.co/RSuZtEuR
and this one from milford sound; a place you can never tire recalling. http://t.co/Y92xH8bx
and so will move from all the emotion on cricket to sharing some pictures from my humble camera. here's queenstown http://t.co/FapU2qx5
pained to read my article in times of india today.main argument about how a good manager could have prevented situation in oz edited out
@nithinrao very frustrating! i have not said that a particular player should quit or be dropped.have said it is the selectors' job. do read.
@avk91 read every one of them but difficult to reply at all times because there are quite a few.
and so as the edit in the indian express today asks: will the equally delightful &quot;senorita&quot; also be dispensed with?
can understand why the french have decided to say good bye to the word &quot;mademoiselle&quot;. but it was such a lovely word to pronounce!
i thought people would know but realise they don't. photographs with an article are not selected by the writer! neither is the headline.
my article is NOT about whether or not sachin should continue.would not do that in the middle of a series.it's about the role of selectors
my article in cricinfo today does not say that a specific player should retire. only says why the decision should be that of the selectors
for those interested in our timeout discussion on pakistan cricket with ramiz raja and saad shafqat http://t.co/pudU0eoN
by the way in pune yesterday loved the energy of the next generation at symbhav
and my latest article on why retiring is so difficult, why it cannot be a player's choice. http://t.co/l8vIoSHN
from @gauravCNNIBN a point of view on retirments http://t.co/S5pMNiVU
off to pune today, early start. delighted for the hockey team. as i said good feeling about this one.
http://t.co/U8leO9Xh latest video blog @samsoniteindia #cbseries
cbseries
http://t.co/U8leO9Xh  latest video blog on india in the one-dayers #samsoniteindia #cbseries
samsoniteindia
cbseries
any group of 15 will have 2-3 who don't like each other.natural.wouldn't worry as long as doesn't lead to matches lost for that reason
many teams in the past, even australia in their prime, had serious differences among players. no need to focus too much on that.
how many of you cheered for the indian hockey team last night? hope i don't speak too soon but a &quot;feel good&quot; about this team.
i have always been fascinated by pakistan cricket and this conversation with saad and ramiz added to the interest.
had a very good time recording time out with the always affable ramiz raja. and i think i made a friend with the articulate saad shafqat.
pietersen confirms what we have already known; that when he gets it right he is the best england batsman, even beyond cook and bell.
@gauravCNNIBN jadeja for yadav depending on conditions and stay with raina? needs to bowl 4-5 overs every game
by the way everyone, india play at 8 pm today in the olympic qualifiers. let's cheer for them.
sadly only did a few games with ranil abeynaike but remember his smile &amp; love for cricket.my condolences to the family, this is no age to go
disappointed with sehwag. he is at his best when as @cricketaakash wrote recently, he takes time to pick his shots.
so who's going to bowl the last 7-8 overs for india? zaheer khan best bet. also maybe time to throw the new ball to praveen kumar.
one of india's 4,5,6 need to bat through to the end. well as sri lanka played this total was within grasp
agree @nitinrajnigam non-striker gets an advantage if he backs up more than allowed. bowler should run him out.
@jimmaxcricket have often spoken of these long tours. there is some merit in what australia do. only tests then only odis
@roshniwritenow having a bad day?
you would have to believe sri lanka are favourites here. hope india don't believe they need to score too quickly at the start.
much bizarre happening at the gabba with the bowling.
i also think angelo mathews is ready to bat at no 5 but sri lanka like him as a finisher. same issue with dhoni. can finish from 5 too!
sri lanka have their batting order correct. jayawardene is their best opener in limited overs. with chandimal doing well he can open again
really nice interview with sachin. http://t.co/RfTbFKn0
aligarh univ says no to women in library due to overcrowding. centre says it respects autonomy! where are we headed?
@vksunish but what's the connection to what i said....
@hemuhere and how did you arrive at the conclusion that i am writing him off?
in any case the only conversation that matters is between the selectors and occasionally, the selectors and the player!
@manavkaushal if he scores a 100, it means he is still a good player and the debate will end quickly!
@sanjaymanjrekar tweeting at 0130!
that is also why i said what i felt about dravid and vvs after the adelaide test.
yes i did say to cnn-ibn that debate on sachin's form and future should take place after the tri-series. earlier only helps with headlines!
@23_balaji in that case the selectors have to take a call
delighted to see kevin o'brien get the 1-day batting performance of the year. produced an unthinkable win with an extraordinary performance
india must have a debate on senior players but between a series not the time for it. would be fine if home series &amp; team picked for 2 games
ponting became better in tests as the series went on. ashes 2013 looks a bit distant at the moment but will be surprised if he retires now
@paritoshZero as in the old empire? piedmont sardinia? or is my memory playing tricks?
love the grace surrounding the ponting decision; lots of openness, admiration, a personal phone call... but a desire to put australia first.
from @mohanstatsman  Richard Levi attended the famous Wynberg Boys High School in Cape Town,where he broke all Jacques Kallis school records
@paritoshZero and pray, for the tarnaka / gamdevi crowd, what is piedmont style!!
india still struggling with bounce and pace. thought lee was excellent today. hilfenhaus again gets a great track to bowl on
saw bits of levi innings today. the ease with which he was hitting sixes, and big ones, was astonishing.
@marc_ellison no why would i?
what a strange period of play! australia worked up over tendulkar (top decision by the way!),then dropping a fairly simple catch, now this!
tendulkar clearly struggling with running between wickets. it is the lifeline of his batting. openers need to be careful here
captains do go by instinct but it must have been a strong instinct not to bowl jadeja; unless there was a fitness issue
last ten overs a hundred runs. australia better placed at the break.
poor bowling at the death. but christian's placement spot on. taking game away
@LloydMathias key is: was he present when those words were spoken?
@paritoshZero duds trying to be smart?
first time i have seen pathan bowl a back of the hand slower ball. also his arm much higher now.
everytime i see michael hussey bat i wonder how they can leave him out. he would be in my odi and t 20 team everytime.
i thought hussey was not out as soon as i saw the replays but the process was rendered clumsy.
australia should be very disappointed if they don't get 260 at least from here. strange twist today, ground fielding fine,catching ordinary
the winning way was at infosys bengaluru yesterday. wonderful atmosphere. had a great time
@yuvsingh09 and hoping for much more of the same. look forward to a big handshake and a crashing cover drive
http://t.co/EBK7vKoU that is why we must just love this game &amp; everything around it; not take sides and bash each other over things like drs
absolutely incredible. you must admire the spirit of this young man. http://t.co/EBK7vKoU
@paritoshZero better than tossing around in bed! a quick coffee and some work to follow!
i am increasingly impressed with dhoni's thoughts at press conferences. he remains calm and lucid.
@cricketingview my reference to the criticsm being &quot;pathetic&quot; was not about dhoni but about the article
@cricketingview on what? couldn't follow the reference.
isn't it interesting that the players shrugged and moved on over the 5 ball issue, as they should, but everyone else got worked up?
the criticism of the drs is now becoming more pathetic than the original argument in its favour--some of which was pretty sound!
from @bhogle : This is funny. http://t.co/hYVgwib3 So we now need DRS so that umpires can correctly count 1,2,3 ...up to 6!
@HariniRana so you prefer hotels where fire alarms go off, do you?
so sanghamitra @ilovehyderabad informs that domalguda is derived from do mahal mosque..and we thought it was to do with mosquitoes (domalu!)
absolutely @paritoshZero if you don't know karkhana zinda tilismat you are not hyderabadi. their lower div cricket team was excellent too!
so koranti came from quarantine and a.c. guards from african cavalry guards. any more such interesting ones from all you hyderabadis?
memories of australia: kangaroo island here http://t.co/Sjq5DIzv  and http://t.co/7CaZ41fL as part of the step out series @SamsoniteIndia
and @paritoshZero, the fever hospital in koranti in hyderabad is named after quarantine!
i believe england's woeful record in asia can change if they embrace the continent and its culture. they have the team to do it.
@alex_q_2006 as it turns out alex, i was!!
@cric_AB thanks that was really nice. have saved it.
@IngridHarrison @peterawalsh but ingrid,peter would not let go of an opportunity to popularise his style of couture!! have a couple already!
will post some photographs of queenstown shortly. has to be among the prettiest places on earth.
so much to catch up with all that is happening in indian cricket;on the field, in its favourite format,off the field, sadly,in legal matters
ah, back home. australia was excellent, new zealand was breathtaking but brilliant to be back.
....and another very moving one on ingrid betancourt's days in captivity.
enjoyed some great documentaries: searching for a tiger in bhutan from bbc, the lightbulb conspiracy on planned obsolescence.....
managed to catch india's chase last night. dhoni's six was stunning but he played india into a position from which only he could win it.
about to leave new zealand. queenstown was seriously awesome and the weather unbelievable. time of our lives.now back to mumbai!!
@paritoshZero aani sadhya anita barobar new zealand madhe! dunedin la mitranbarobar!
@paritoshZero kuthe kuthe zaato tu?
agree completely with yuvraj. wish him well &amp; leave him alone. it's a difficult time for him &amp; we need to handle this matter with dignity
meanwhile very positive sign from india. keep the youngsters, rotate the seniors at the top.would still like to see jadeja at 7, pathan at 8
the university of otago has the right combination for a place of learning. stone building and large trees. lovely atmosphere.
absolutely brllliant day in dunedin. some of the views stunning. will post some when i transfer to laptop!
meanwhile last video blog from australia done the day after the t20 at the mcg.  http://t.co/zFLc8DUQ
enjoying being on holiday. in new zealand for a week to enjoy the beauty of the land.
thanks australia. great fun as usual. look forward to being back someday.
i can't believe though that this is the best australian t20 side. with watson and pattinson in,and even michael hussey, very different.
can't remember the last time an indian team outfielded the opposition so comprehensively to win.
all those days in england and all these days in australia and at last i get to call an indian win!
latest article on the seniors and their future. what do you think? http://t.co/TFu6xzGw
we're doing alternate overs on abc radio,so time to pop back in. last spell in australia this season.
this is the best i have seen india field for a long time.
last game in australia on this tour. wonder if india can open their account!!
@TomMoodyCricket :is amazing but don't think should be allowed till the bowler can bowl left handed without warning &amp; the lbw law is changed
no @mopsymohan it doesn't surprise me, it hurts me. the truth cannot be an option.
i don't know what was my greater disappointment on this tour; the indian performance or the liberties taken with truth.
@khosla09 i thought you guys read tweets. read mine not the nonsense that followed.
@khosla09 absolutely not! never did.
can see why i could never be a news journo. one day dravid retires,one day sehwag to be captain...and stupid me still searching for proof!!
my latest video blog: @samsoniteindia. searching for indian cricket: http://t.co/OBgpTBHb
done blog, done news pieces, done time out for cricinfo, even done next week's column. now to enjoy australia!!
go leander, you're a star. good to see you and mahesh keeping it going in your own way.
everyone talks about the endless fast bowling talent in pakistan but this lot of spinners must be difficult to top.
what a game it must have been in abu dhabi. well done pakistan and back to the drawing board with spin for england.
still waiting for @espncricinfo to clear the air over my tweet.
absolutely blown out of my mind and convulsed in despair at people not able to read tweets well enough.I DID NOT SAY DRAVID IS RETIRING
have always believed a problem is an opportunity in disguise.this is the opportunity for the bcci to make far-reaching changes in structure.
the key to the resurgence, if there is to be one, is not only how much the players will hurt but how much the bcci will hurt.
to be honest, i wouldn't even have thought of 4-0 at the start of the series. but australia were magnificent and india were disappointing.
so zaheer can hang in?
@espncricinfo saying i have hinted at dravid's retirement. had said &quot;still speculative.....let's wait and see&quot;
@ESPNcricinfo no! i said that was what times of india was reporting but that we should wait and see!
guys, the dravid retirement report is still speculative. &quot;is believed to have told some team-mates&quot;. let's wait and see.
#abcgrandstand have always been unbelievably good to me and i have much to thank alan marks and those that followed. it is like home to me.
abcgrandstand
since some people asked, i do the two t20 matches for the abc and then, a little holiday before i go home.
australia's review was done by a respected business leader and a completely independent authority and was released to the public.
@vikramsathaye baghun vatlach tumcha laksha gela asel!!
am told this should work now. what do you think?  http://t.co/FFCCTJx7
would love to use 300k as an opportunity to ask what you like and, especially, dislike about this space.
had never imagined this forum would have 300,000 people on it. i read every comment and it helps me understand how the cricket fan thinks
for those who love numbers and analysis of india's top 5 batsmen, here is something interesting: http://t.co/FFCCTJx7
@sardesairajdeep you might want to read this : http://t.co/qSe5gL6Y
delighted to report on jeevan dhan trophy. indian community vs oz transplant cc, made up of people who've received organ transplants(cont'd)
more disbelief! kohli run out trying to keep night-watchman off strike!!!!!
can't believe what i am seeing; ishant sharma as night watchman for wriddhiman saha!!!
remember a test in 1997 when the indians were having a go at aravinda. he stood at square leg till it ended, if restarted returned there!
guess the match referee will have something to do at last. a cup of lovely australian coffee with peter siddle?
@KuldeepSharrma maybe it requires different skills?
part 2 of my thoughts on indian cricket   http://t.co/qSe5gL6Y
stood up to see rahul dravid walk back. i don't yet know if i will again.
that kind of innings from sehwag. when it comes off looks thrilling but could have been out a couple of times already.
in case some of you noticed, my opposition to abuse wasn't directed at any team!! it was about where our game is headed.
yes @whereis_v rodney hogg's comments were way out of line. poor apology too.
@LalitKModi interesting and valid views lalit. and some good names there. but cricket needs to open its doors to other minds too.
(cont'd) or is the icc ok with abuse on the field of play? isn't it enshrined in the spirit of the game?
if captains are in charge of maintaining the spirit of the game shouldn't they be pulled up if their players indulge in abuse (cont'd)
no @dnarmstrong they are not harmless. a lot of it is filthy.
yes agree @ramansundar the easiest way to deal with it is to enact legislation that stamps out all abuse on a cricket ground.
delighted to see responses to my tweet on abuse in cricket. long convinced cricketers and media aren't representative of cricket lovers
@SanjoyGupta excellent. back by mid-feb.
no @Ashwin_9978 you too will learn that there are other ways of giving back. by the way, i am for a ban with powers to the umpire to stop it
no @redlegted there were two parties involved and both were to blame. i would suggest the people that start it should be penalised first
hi @saugaat disappointed to hear that. there are a lot of terrible things said out there. absolutely nobody should pardon that. not even you
must confess i absolutely detest abuse on the cricket field. too many people condone it as happening &quot;in the heat of the moment&quot;. nonsense.
@the_kk that was in response to the dravid query!
the only two batting numbers to go in first into the team list should be tendulkar at 4 and zaheer at 11
seriously delighted for virat kohli. this was a quality century.
no @abzoniac that is not fair from you. i never suggested that.
i am seeing the future of indian cricket and i am liking what i see.
am sure there are many outstanding nominees in the republic day honours list but a couple made me go 'oh dear'.
https://t.co/uRnks53c  my friend @peterwalsh specialises in these shirts! morning of day 3 at adelaide!!
from @mopsymohan :  last test series averages vishy 16.75, mohinder 11.20, vengsarkar 17.55 and sunny 49.16!!
i really do believe india &amp; australia can do a lot more together in business,culture &amp; sport.maybe cricket will help increase understanding
no @WikiPope  kerry o'keeffe is not on twitter
@RizviRafi wallekumsalaam. in india, after this series but in phases
very well done australia. beautiful to see the parachutes bringing in the indian and australian flags for republic day &amp; australia day.
@paritoshZero oncologist la bhetayla gela aahe mhanun! kaamat hoto, tennis follow kela nahi!
do use the #gowellyuvi for your messages.
gowellyuvi
@lindsaypereira &quot;tenser&quot; for &quot;more tense&quot; you think....or something more fundamental?
http://t.co/TVvBCtO9 reporting that yuvraj consulting oncologists in the u.s. if true, let's wish him well and encourage him #gowellyuvi
gowellyuvi
is there anything more agonisingly tense than tendulkar playing for the morrow?
australia's day again. they have the ability to make one partnership count. and they give so little away with the ball.
by the way, not defending indian batting. just saying what happens!!
having said that, sometimes you induce dismissals with some honest, quality bowling. that's what australia are doing.
that's what happens when things are going against you. a leading edge off a full toss and a bit of glove, elbow etc onto stumps.
@KLW44 oh dear, my sympathies
@KLW44
why should anyone have to recommend names for bharat ratna? at that level it should just be conferred.
india not doing the simple things that can make a difference; throwing down the stumps, cutting off the runs, taking catches....
one thing michael clarke would have craved for was a volley on leg stump first ball with an off side field. small things but count.
@shyam__bala it is an honour i will gladly forsake!!
@kartikmurali once we agree on 12,the final list must emerge after debate.people on the first class list might be better informed
@sarahmacADL   it's not such a bad thing, you know!!
concerned with use of the word &quot;ashamed&quot; with indian cricket team. shame? come on, just a game. no one cheated, embezzled or killed.
australia end day 1 in absolute control. brilliant from the ex and the current. india will be disappointed with the bowling.
@SANJAYMANJREKAR @SANJAYMANJREKAR very interesting. just showed it to jim maxwell for use in commentary. you'll meet him when you get here
@SachinKalbag no sachin, didn't mean that. used &quot;wilting in the heat&quot; as a description not as cause and effect
india's bowling wilting in the heat at adelaide. the fielding wilted sometime ago.
damien fleming is actually on http://t.co/DBoZhHyB it's like a bowling lab.
ponting and clarke looking good. clarke actually timing ball better but this turf belongs to ponting. india in danger of losing initiative.
very impressed with ashwin this morning. and sehwag seems on the ball too. good session for india.
interesting how many people in australia put their tv sets on and listen to the radio! video hasn't  killed the radio star here yet?
listening to the national anthem overseas still sends through a quiver of excitement. what an honour to get on the field after that.
@WolfBlassWines yes i did actually. but not with a curry!
you look at a high of 37 and think we've seen that before. 37 in oz can be terribly misleading. it feels like more.
it's hot and dry in adelaide and michael clarke has won a great toss.
@KannanSharma @desaisantosh http://t.co/vDfDFRib
oops, seems i tweeted the wrong link. http://t.co/vDfDFRib
read my friend @desaisantosh in this piece http://t.co/rJHkCJ4x. the strength of his argument followed by the poverty of the comments
not often that a commentary colleague is picked to play for his country. spent lot of time with brad hogg during the ipl. very happy for him
congratulations to rajasthan. winning two years in a row is a solid achievement. played according to the situation in the final
so dilshan gone too. after marsh. that's a pretty big broom someone is wielding.
i hope all of you are excited about adelaide. i am. so much to observe....have written about it in a short piece for times of india today
as sambit bal says in a lovely piece on cricinfo,savour the big four batting together. they may never again.
my thoughts on the upcoming test at Adelaide for the @SamsoniteIndia Step Out With Harsha blog http://t.co/thwHVOQF
the adelaide oval looks a picture the day before the test. it has to be among the prettiest grounds.
good to see trinidad and tobago have won the west indies t20 tournament. provide a lot of joy at the champions league.
lots of grass on the adelaide oval day before the game. wonder what it will look like tomorrow.
thank you very much for retweeting the anandvan appeal. but do contribute too. doesn't matter how big or small.
always good to read ashley mallett; on vijay hazare. http://t.co/DkRMdaYH
sri lanka cricket needs a period of stability and trust. sacking one/another all the time couldn't help.
shared the stage with the awesome mike coward and with someone i always wanted to meet: doug walters
nice to see that australia have kept alive certain traditions; much festivity centred around grounds..romance about cricket
what a lovely evening at the saca dinner at the adelaide oval.fancy being introduced by the boss as a philosopher!
the anandvan appeal with rahul dravid in marathi. do pass the message. and do try and help.  http://t.co/Cz3GEcrK
no @hemantbuch you get great quality streaming on your ipad or anywhere you get the tunein app. once download search for abc grandstand
maybe someone at the adelaide marathi mandal where sunandan lele has organised a fund-raiser for anandvan will be able to help.
meanwhile trying to figure out how to wear a tuxedo for the saca dinner tonight.no clue! too complicated for me!
@hemantbuch listen to the radio hemant, you'll enjoy it.
so who decides the playing xi for adelaide? coach? selectors? dhoni? sehwag? if it's only for one test will sehwag make big changes?
very hot in adelaide. may have an effect on the match but definitely will on the spectators.
too often we hide behind poor budgets to explain poor quality when in reality it is poor intent.
absolutely loving channel 7 coverage of the australian open. clearly they have the budget but intent more often determines quality.
stuart macgill writes a nice piece about small boundaries at the big bash http://t.co/dXDtZIL2
@RamizSpeaks ramiz bhai...if i did that in australia i would have too many ties!! sab khairiyat?
@shailichopra ah shaili...not a wine connoisseur but their platinum label red was outstanding.
if the ptich and the bowling had something to them, rajasthan should have been bowled out in less than 234 overs!
apparently the valley was named barrosa but a mistake in the titles and records office saw it become barossa!!
day spent at barossa valley. love the name wolf blass! heard so much about wines i could deliver a talk on them. now to the cricket!
reading lots of criticism of rajasthan. but remember the pitch and the bowling seems to be allowing them to do that too.
from @mohanstatsman  dot balls;Chopra (254/307) Saxena (524/661),Kanitkar (110/146), Bist (132/159), Parida (23/31).Total: 1043/1304 (80%)
@Sanjay_Dixit more meaningful games, allow players lost in plate to play better cricket,make better use of grants...
(correction) when i talk of 12 teams in the ranji trophy i don't mean one association taking over others. i mean restructuring.
like a state has many districts within it, so too will one entity have more than one state within it. objective to produce best teams
when i talk of 12 teams in the ranji trophy i don't mind one association taking over others. i mean restructuring.
@Maheshbhupathi @DuttaLara well done dad and mom. now to get her first serve working!!
@paritoshZero enjoy it while you can. off to barossa valley tomorrow!
have rajasthan made up their minds to win on first innings lead only?
admiral's arch at kangaroo island absolutely stunning. how come our movies haven't discovered it yet?
absolutely fantastic day today at kangaroo island courtesy of south autralia tourism. nature at its best
part 1 of my take on indian cricket. http://t.co/yIvb40sN  will offer a point of view on some other issues next week.
and fooling around with a handycam: i am cameraman and interviewer in marathi!!  the things we do on tour! http://t.co/PvIDWuIQ
and in hindi :  http://t.co/j0fyyKul
the anandwan appeal from rahul dravid and me: http://t.co/mrso5nV5
pakistan just showing what a period of stability can do for them. quietly, away from the glare, they have been playing excellent cricket
as usual @gauravCNNIBN provokes thought.  http://t.co/ogSrH68T
Tried my hand making my own wine in Adelaide for the new @SamsoniteIndia Step Out With Harsha blog.See what happened at http://t.co/unWRT6dq
tried the make your wine interactive menu. was rated awful,something that would ruin the reputation of the company. even aussie machines....
nice day in adelaide today; the quaint central market, the giant pandas, glenelg and the beautiful university promenade
@Maheshbhupathi hope it goes well.would have loved to come and watch you play...stuck in perth and adelaide!
between @rajeshstats &amp; @mohanstatsman, numbers emerging about indian batting outside sub-continent not great
in adelaide. here for 11 days. strange itinerary.
Rahul Dravid and I were honoured to do a short film highlighting Baba Amte's leprosy home. Do go to anandwan.in
@ntyes and i still have a photograph of that day at home!!
@ntyes wow,i didn't know that. he has done quite well for himself.
@alikhurshid ji nahi ali, main perth me hoon!
meanwhile sunandan lele has just arrived with the most gorgeous nimbu-paani!
don't get the telecast here but the scorecard of pak vs eng telling the story. when they don't make news off the field, pak are a top side.
from @harmeettiwana : this is how the gorgeous dharamshala stadium looks after snowfall!! https://t.co/yx4OdWw6
enjoyed reading p sainath's piece in the hindu. admire him greatly and respect his point of view. but there are deeper issues.
obviously when i say &quot;a bit of cricket&quot; i want it to be 5 days!! love australia but would like to see more cricket!!
couple of articles to do today, then pack to head off to adelaide tomorrow. lots of sightseeing and a bit of cricket there.
had a lovely evening yesterday with @MitchellGlenn and karen. great friends, the kind that make an australian tour nice.
@gauravCNNIBN so heard you've been scathing in your comments....was told i am too mild compared to you guys!!!
@anubhabhonsle  congratulations...fully deserved of course...and more on the way i'm sure.
video blog shot after coming to my apartment on day 3 of the perth test. http://t.co/iUH8hrqk
@blogeswari remember him! he was very polite.
@Bilal_sr nahi bilal, agar aap dobara padhen to samajh jayenge ki main sirf doosron ke baare me nahi keh raha hoon.
@santhanamvijay oldest trick in the game...frequent flyer points!
dear @QFcustomercare will do. you may be better than us at cricket but gee, you have a long way to go in customer care and hospitality!
@QFcustomercare yes. need to speak to someone about an award booking. amazed that you don't provide an email id.
@QantasAirways called 131131 since i needed some help with an award booking. held 14 minutes. shocking. no email id i can write to either
still holding. shocking from @QantasAirways
amazed qantas doesn't offer an email id for frequent flyers to get in touch. have a no that no one seems to respond on. holding last 8 mins
by the way the go-karting thing was figurative!! meaning cricket off my mind!
and so today is my go-karting day! mind off cricket, will let the fact that there are other things to life gently seep in!
spent half an hour this morning,worked up over what an indian cricket review would look like.but heck,no one would want to read it anyway!
read about the passing of homai vyarawala. wonder how it must have been to see the national flag being hoisted for the 1st time. what times!
noticed an @anilkumble twitter id. is definitely fake. know anil for years, he would never say things comng out of that id.
only plus for india..kohli suggesting that he is good enough at this level and yadav running in hard and bowling quick.
well played australia..lots of fire and aggression...and india will know they played poorly..not quite good enough in these conditions
interesting. newspaper reports here talk about australia moving the sheffield shield to accomodate more t20 big bash cricket in peak season
won't be surprised if there is a subtle change of guard at adelaide. kohli at no 3 &amp; dravid at 5?if kohli future no 3, might be worth a look
@MitchellGlenn grandstand is not bad!!
twitter too limited a format for thoughts on india's performance. will do so in my next article.
@vvkrj because i am looking at it rationally, not with a pre-determined mind.
india might be struggling but my ipod &amp; docker are in good form. this morning...&quot;tere sur aur mere geet&quot; &amp; &quot;teri bindiya re&quot;
@paritoshZero keep going! and guess the party at samaresh and alpana's will be a good post event relaxant!
that's possible @wutube i would have liked to see a couple of youngsters making life difficult for the seniors by now.
to go after the ipl would be take credit away from australia's bowlers who have been outstanding.
ipl &amp; test cricket different things but india's top 5 made their reputation long before ipl was even a thought.that can't be a reason here!
@ChrisAtkin @malcolmconn chris, i'll be disappointed if you think i am reacting differently to different teams.
@malcolmconn not just oz fielders malcolm, anyone over appealing and leading the umpire astray. drs one option, greater integrity another.
impressed with young mitchell starc. will australia go in with 4 quicks at adelaide?
so 214-0 to 369 all out. puts warner's innnigs in perspective. india will have to bat really well to take this game into a 4th day.
another mad, exhilarating commentary session with kerry o'keeffe. never a dull moment with him
brilliant innings by warner. and a fine catch to finish it. typical indian way of catching though with the palm facing the chest
@areaneyday and where have you vanished?
between @mohanstatsman &amp; @rajeshstats, you are never out of the game!!
@jakesprime maybe i am seeing a decisive phase in indian cricket! but australia is a great country to be in at this time of the year.
very happy makar sankranthi / pongal to everyone. apparently it signifies the end of inauspicious times that begin in mid-december!!!
@yohandoshi oh good, wasn't sure it had been received and played.
listened to a fine song this morning..tere paas aake mera waqt guzar jaata hai....listen to it.
another hot day in perth...maybe in every sense of the word!
@Aggerscricket make that two people who do that aggers!!
@NicolaCastleman @misskylie77 @prestontowers  no worries....
@misskylie77 @NicolaCastleman @prestontowers  ahem! ahem!
as a contest, to borrow from boxing, that was a knockout!
a century in 69 balls has to be special and this very special. this warner is quite a cricketer.
it's not a great  sight for indian cricket is zaheer at no 9 bats like the coach has called &quot;last 5&quot; in the nets.
tiger pataudi lost an eye, chandra had a polio stricken arm. yet both became legends of indian cricket. wasn't that great?
brilliant to chat with the great bs chandrasekhar on abc to celebrate a polio free year in india. incredible to think he took 242 wickets!
virat is looking good here. long way to go but showing a lot of intent.
my chat with tariq engineer about twitter in case you are interested http://t.co/Y3GCnezf
this is a big call in favour of virat kohli. hope it makes rohit sharma hungrier.
our view from the abc commentary box includes three cameramen and a radar gun. extraordinary, unexpected and sad.
my view on media posturing...tell me what you think.  http://t.co/LaQaL2bi
deja vu all over again for india. vinay kumar interesting selection. there is more to him than is immediately apparent. happy for him.
http://t.co/8SdfS7VO  do you agree?
@BoredCricket put it all in the suitcase they give me!!
will be answering your questions like i do on the samsonite blog. here is the link to the tab to post your questions: http://t.co/2sHvoWNd
@Sundar57490 the brijnath article was excellent. can't remember the caustic bit...
would love to hear from @cricketaakash about the track at rohtak. ranji semi-final over around lunch on day 3 can't be good.
@thecattery i've been to australia a few times ben. i understand the media scene here!
@Sundar57490 which article are you talking about? the brijnath one?
a balanced piece by the much liked clayton murzello.  http://t.co/O2LoDsbH
@rameshsrivats  iipm!!! did i miss something?
@Mehmal what a great medium this is mehmal! cheers.
oops, missed the link to the story i wanted to!!!  http://t.co/W0nYh0IX
my friend rohit brijnath doesn't have to write speculative, sensational or scandalous stories. and he's better than those that have to
#SCMM will miss being part of the mumbai marathon this year. raise a big cheer for the forum for autism gang from me please.
SCMM
i wouldn't mind if the daily times made a token payment every week to an institution working in the area of indo-pak peace.
notice that daily times in pakistan carries all my articles with an &quot;all rights reserved&quot; at the end! didn't ask me if they can carry it!
my latest @SamsoniteIndia Step Out with Harsha video blog from the #WACA in Perth #AusvInd http://t.co/ki5Yzc0O  (about sachin and ishant)
WACA
AusvInd
@sushkar brilliant!
been following the big bash. have batsmen forgotten how to play spin? and young bowlers to bowl it? best bowlers warne, macgill and hogg!
@yuvsingh09 trust all well with you. hoping to see you in oz. @gauravCNNIBN says you are fit, fine and ready to go. wish you well.
@joybhattacharj  checked out marlon samuels too but noticed he had played 1st class cricket!
@murgersb understand brian, but was a bit unfair to say rights holders didn't want it.meant they had to take a loss. trust you &amp; aarti well
@FahadFazli no fahad, it's meant to be big tv budgets and small.
@hemantbuch will you direct that too? should be a good experience.
@shibanidandekar yes i did and i told him many things about you!!
@SillyTiddy waited for you at sydney. tomorrow fine with me
will the drs paraphernalia be the same for bangladesh vs pakistan at abu dhabi and england vs australia at lords or the mcg?
mcc upset that world test championship pushed back to 2017. could have been held in 2013 if icc had taken a cut in rights!!
by going ballistic over what the australian media feels the indian media plays into their hands and scores a self goal.
just back from a hot waca. remembered some incidents from there. two of those in my latest video blog: sachin's century and ishant's spell
meanwhile, let us all pause to say thank you to bhaichung bhutia. been great knowing you and all the best for the second half of your life!
annalakshmi is in perth,on the waterfront; run entirely by volunteers. when i was there in 2003-04 there was a banker at the buffet counter
excellent south indian meal at annalakshmi. great concept. eat as much as you want but don't waste. pay as much as you want.
don't know what's worse...oz media saying sehwag splitting team india or indian media reporting what oz media says!!
frozen rotis; defrosted using perth's magnificent sunshine!! chef lele in fine form; souschef didn't do too badly!
chef lele's menu for lunch; mixed vegetable bhaji,carrot&amp;tomato raita, rotis.souschef bhogle grated carrots &amp; cut fine juliennes of tomato!
@vikramsathaye did you contact sharad. phenomenal apartment in perth
just in case you want to know how stressed we are in the commentary box!!  http://t.co/CbHvPY0Q
forget cricketers,some of us in our profession too want to run away from cricket sometimes so we can return in a more positive frame of mind
absolutely cannot understand the fuss over go-karting. indian team at practice as i write this. 3 days practice between tests not enough?
@preciouspress thanks.had a look. it's a valid point of view. articulate and impartial are qualities under attack!
@shailichopra location for one of your shoots!! just a public garden beside the river swan!
http://t.co/eOFTPjFz just unbelievable catch! that's why have long felt fielders must take 2 wickets per innings. fielder: bevan small
view from our excellent apartment in perth courtesy my good friend paddy ramanathan http://t.co/JOsnCDG7
bhaichung was a pioneer in indian football.&amp; if he can promote football in sikkim &amp; the north east he will become a pioneer all over again
@Maheshbhupathi spot on. retirement of bhaichung not end of a career but start of a legacy
would like to know virat kohli's confidence level.if down may not be right time to persist with him.but he will have a career in tests.
lots of time for india to ponder over the tour so far. don't think though they will replace laxman. maybe rohit for virat
the economist @kaushikcbasu tweets intermittently but always interestingly!!
moved to see some of the stuff written in the australian papers. looking forward to being part of the rest of the australian summer
&quot;no expectations&quot; is not a sign of frustration. it is best to watch cricket without expectations..just watch a game evolve.
thank you very much to all the abc listeners who have been tweeting to me about the broadcast. i feel at home and at ease on grandstand.
done with sydney, said goodbye to @vikramsathaye and off to perth tomorrow morning. no expectations just hoping to enjoy good cricket
@wutube thanks andrew....and don't change that hairstyle!
my latest  @SamsoniteIndia Step Out With Harsha blog on the 2nd #ausvind test at #SCG   http://t.co/SSp7APkK
ausvind
SCG
latest article on indian express / cricinfo  http://t.co/nIp7pbSw
why oh why does he suddenly start defending?
it rained only briefly last night but the timing was perfect...when i was on air live for cnn-ibn!
@bomanirani in hyderabad boman the tickets cost 70p, 1.50, 2.20 &amp; 2.90. when 3.50 and 4 came around in the new theatres it was unthinkable!
i am happy to report that the morning after the naga chilli is as normal as it can be!!
if i have one wish for tendulkar it is that he never has to bat to see through a session.
australia still in driver's seat but missed a chance or two tonight. apart from the haddin drop, allowed too many balls to be left alone
@modsteroz no, but looks like gambhir had a few!
can't believe i allowed myself a teeny weeny bite of the naga chilli. andhra pickle sweet by contrast!!
http://t.co/vrLnI25Y  latest video blog from the sydney cricket ground.
clarke showed his class today...in total control..but the emotional moment of the day was ponting's century.
wonderful etiquette. indians shook clarke's hand, hussey stood back to allow him in first..good to see that grace hasn't left our game
while i must confess i miss being on the telecast back home to india this is one of the most enjoyable broadcasting experiences of my life.
would love to listen to the tape of kerry o'keeffe auditioning for cricket expert!! meanwhile grown up men remembering childhood classics!
@bomanirani it's going to be a long tour boman!! no intensity...looking like a film set between shots!
absolutely enjoyed the drama of the last three overs on radio with danny morrison.
i greatly fear that session was the match, maybe the series. india needed to come hard early. they didn't.
critical that india don't make a soft start to the day. the first over has seen a couple of easy runs
enjoying doing these video blogs. nice and informal. http://t.co/iAOzpTFb
clarke and ponting looked better as the day went along. last 10 overs at 5/over
australia ahead after day 1. you could see that dhoni was hamstrung by the number of runs he had to play with.
i dont know how many ashwin will get but there is a sense of calm about him with the bat.
at the scg. hope you enjoy this video blog  http://t.co/oo6NWkNV
@gurdeepak you must be a serious cricket freak!
wonderfully entertaining session on abc radio with danny morrison. he has this great ability to laugh at himself!
one of the more moving sights in world cricket. brilliant standing ovation for the great man.
here we go again. india's opening partnerships in last 6 tests (inc this) 63,19,0,6,8,0,8,49,22,17,0. easy diagnosis of the illness
i get along well with malcolm conn but i am delighted to disagree that sydney 2008 represents a moment of shame for tendulkar
@mohank @KumarSinha why? has he taken off on india again? my role on air is to tell people what is happening as interestingly as possible!
didn't see rohit bat in the nets....and saw virat bat. that is often a giveaway. australia playing lyon for harris. india shouldn't mind!
sitting high in the pressbox on a gorgeous, hot day in sydney. what a city! looks like the weather will hold.
fireworks at the harbour bridge last night! one way of bringing in the new year! hope 2012 is good for everyone.
only just got onto the net. link to last video blog.more on the way. http://t.co/TDXvAcP0
so time to pack up from the mcg. got the step out with harsha blog to do and then cnn-ibn. a day off tomorrow, not for the first time!!
said at the start of the series that the key contest will be australia's young bowlers vs india's ageing batsmen. the youngsters won that.
so yet another first test loss. is it in the dna?
@rameshsrivats best country in the world to watch test cricket
@rameshsrivats didn't know you followed cricket so closely. great atmosphere at the mcg
don't go by the no of tests they have played. this australian attack is seriously good.
@BS1878mutd it's that kind of medium; informal and more important, uninterrupted.
@martinj_blake thanks martin. got a bit emotional towards the end. it was a huge loss for me.
australia began this innings as favourites. even more so after the wicket of sehwag
http://t.co/GecRc3YS  first video blog from beautiful melbourne
evenly poised. don't think india would want to chase anything more than 250. they have the batting to do it but won't be comfortable.
india have made the new ball count but australia have been better with the old ball.
this is a match winning partnership. is this game a tribute to the 35+ players?
love to see yadav steaming in. hope he is kept away from all those that convert fast bowlers to medium pacers
i thought australia had their nose ahead. 51 handy lead. but it doesn't look such a bad pitch.
http://t.co/eo9fhuBT  as usual sambit bal offers a mature and balanced perspective
tendulkar looking in excellent nick. his only indifferent phase was the one over before tea. when he plays for time, you get worried.
that last spell by siddle one of the best i have seen in recent times. a bowler who can bowl 4 overs at 145+ late in the day is a bonus
the tendulkar dismissal evens things somewhat. india still marginally ahead but on such a good surface will need a substantial lead.
@shyam__bala yes it is. a great broadcasting medium. pity many people in india cannot experience the joys of radio broadcasts
@Jesse_Hogan you think people should do it more often?
enjoyed the tea time show on channel 9. wonder how often they have had people so clearly dressed for radio!!
@aparanjape they didn't ask me!
@jordanhuxley no jordan, my point of view is clear, only it's different from yours! that's fine isn't it?
hi @greigtalks was all for drs until it went wrong a few times in england. and was told ball tracking wasn't available last evening. true?
@sunnyhall was wrong more than once when india were in england
@Daltstodd it's a good thought todd &amp; would love to agree. but i've seen too many sportsmen pretend to be virtuous
that is why the whole drs debate is overdone. i would rather enjoy the cricket; enjoy watching cowan &amp; ponting &amp;yadav &amp;zaheer
apparently no ball tracking on the haddin appeal because the shadows interfered with technology.not sure but that's what i was told.
identical evidence yesterday:ch 9 said cowan not out because no sign on hot spot; indian tv said hot spot wrong because there was an edge!
so much talk about drs that i wonder if a cricket match took place yesterday!! some thoughts in following tweets
@sidhpat  i wasn't asked...and so opted to renew a very old and respected relationship with abc radio
india's bowlers have opened the door for them in this game. that is why you need zaheer, suddenly cranks it up. loves the reverse
http://t.co/fZUV7ThH  friend of mine just said you can follow the radio commentary on abc grandstand here
@knittins it's nice to know!! but having a ball on abc radio.
@nimishdubey it's an easier, more informal medium. i wish we could have a world class radio broadcast in india
impressed with yadav. not holding back. ishant has bowled better than his numbers suggest but not much there for ashwin.
@ramansundar i find radio relaxes me. it's an informal chatty medium. doing my first game after 4 years!
kerry a legend. had a great laugh on whether cowan is like a slow formula 1 car that keeps getting lapped. kerry thinks he's the safety car!
having said that, just saw zaheer clock 133. so maybe the speed gun is being a bit polite. here's ashwin
ponting struggling with the first few balls. you could be a legend but when you are insecure, the game looks different.
there is a speed gun. yadav has been bowling consistently over140 and ishant has hit 145 on it
absolutely inundated with your tweets. thanks for your support. feels good. but really looking forward to being on radio
@mani0993  no he didn't opt out!
back on at last. all looking good at the mcg. waiting to get on air; love radio.on in 15
1st video blog looking ahead to india vs australia. the rest from oz.  http://t.co/oxpQe9Oj
@jimmaxcricket  excellent speech at peter's memorial. very australian as he would have liked it!
from @aruninside Just checked to confirm that ABC Grandstand station is available on the Android TuneIn Radio app as well.
from @gauravCNNIBN Preview to India vs Australia with @SANJAYMANJREKAR and @bhogleharsha at 730pm &amp; 1130pm- repeats 3:30pm on saturday
from @podopines:for live radio comm on iPhone &amp; iPad,download the TuneIn Radio app (free);then look for the ABC Grandstand station #IndvsAus
IndvsAus
@podopines if you could tweet all details to me, can tell everyone else too. cheers. happy listening,
on cnn-ibn for the 1st two tests doing the end game show live. also on twitter and regularly with my thoughts on step out with harsha blog
ok guys, hope all of you ready for the australia series. leave tonight. do try and catch the radio coverage from abc grandstand.
@bomanirani nariman...who produced the first one!
latest article on indian express / cricinfo. http://t.co/CJ26GyNK cheers
if oz wanted to play 5 bowlers &amp; end up playing 4 because marsh is fit, it will mean they are playing a 11 made of people they cannot drop
guess that seals it for shaun marsh. now will they play christian? intriguing selectorial issue! still play 5 bowlers?
the more i try to finish things the more i seem to have to do! articles done but a cnn-ibn special tomorrow.
@Bhargavi_Sesha got the tense right? is? or was?
excellent evening with some of my oldest friends; people who have seen our stresses, insecurities, happiness...real friends.
@gauravkapur you have the bottle,you are the person who is going to drink it..i am just the cause &amp; therefore redundant to the celebration!
from @bhogle  :  on being at the mcg on boxing day http://t.co/tLifXwG4
one of the biggest days of my life: the iim-a director prof samir barua giving me the distinguished alumni award http://t.co/FxWjInG8
losing watson &amp; harris is a big blow. still think harris is australia's best bet with the new ball though pattinson looked mighty impressive
if australia want to play 5 bowlers and marsh is fit, who goes out? or does it mean they want to play 5 bowlers if batting weakened?
hilfenhaus picked for experience. then who misses out? starc? pattinson, siddle most likely. key question:if no marsh who bats no 3?
looks like the master @warne888 had another excellent day at the big bash. tough to bury class!!
@gauravkapur @roshanabbas if they are a bunch of buffoons they don't deserve your attention anyway. give them that and they win!
doesn't look great. zaheer 1st change, 5-0-29-0. can't see how he bowled but needs to charge in at least once before boxing day
@bowlologist  indian bowling looking a bit iffy. would rather have a stronger bowling side than batting side.
@yesnosorry you doth thank too much!! it was something none of us were capable of!
http://t.co/lCtraPDE oops, didn't post link to sanjay's article. here it is
excellent piece by @SANJAYMANJREKAR  on keeping it simple. true of everything in life because actions have to be repeatable for success.
excellent reporting from rahul bhatia on the nimbus - bcci issue. http://t.co/ixhBkwAJ
@bowlologist : good calling at the big bash. good atmosphere? think i could drop by and watch a game between the tests?
@wvraman thanks woorkeri!
i sometimes wish i could be like the government; spending without worrying how much i have! is governance about india or about elections?
from @joybhattacharj  : Who was named after a Warwickshire cricketer who died in the western front in 1916?
from @rgcricket  Out of 18 Test innings they have bowled in this year,Pakistan have dismissed opponents 17 times!
http://t.co/GJagKA4y  on step out with harsha: the winners of the contest. take a look.
the winners of the step out with harsha have been announced. will fly to australia to watch cricket, will do a couple of blogs with them.
@KanaySwar why? because as it turns out,i am!!
many people puzzled at the fact that i've used the same phone for 6-7 years...is looking after your things outdated?
hi @Sensarch reason i tweet from a laptop... don't want to say something on a whim and regret it later; which could happen with a phone
@vishal1mehra no they don't vishal.
using a smartphone is a giant leap ahead for me...have had the same phone for 6-7 years, same battery. the 6230i. like a friend now.
never had a smartphone; finally got down to unravelling my nokia lumia. but need a smaller sim so will wait till vodafone give me one.
the only place i am dreading is adelaide...because i'm sure peter walsh will have the most unbelievable shirt waiting for me!!
often told kerry o'keeffe that he is the greatest one man band; thinks up a joke, cracks it, laughs at it...all by himself. great company!
slowly mind drifting towards meeting so many old friends in oz. been thinking: why do i make so many more friends there than anywhere else?
hoping to catch a bit of the big bash today; corporate engagements done; counting down to a very different australian tour for me
just saw @TomMoodyCricket's tweet on the turnout for the first big bash game. really poor? that is a dangerous sign.
from the world of apps to the winning way. headed off for a session with colgate today.
am dying of laughter seeing the responses i am getting given how tech challenged i am. apparently you can also go to http://t.co/4beHnrxN
from @KannanSharma : on the iPhone i just added the tunein free app and am connected to ABC Grandstand- happy listening
apparently there is a Tunein Radio app that works too
from @johnsonrichards   normal symbian nokia phones have internet radio app from which abc grandstand channel can be streamed.
by the way the abc radio commentary can be heard on iphone/ipad using the grandstand app; though a friend told me mp3 streaming works ok
why are so many people asking me if had a part to play in rahul dravid's outstanding speech? i didn't.
latest column; the australian captaincy and india's . http://t.co/HIRuhMCQ
sometimes it is best to make things clear so everyone knows. even without asia cup there wasn't a window for india-pak between oz tour &amp; ipl
asia cup dates announced. that's a formal burial of the proposed india-pak series in march. was never going to happen anyway.
the two lucky people who have qualified from the step out with harsha series have been finalised. recording a blog today with their names.
my broadcasting idol tony cozier awarded life membership of the mcc to mark his &quot;huge contribution to the game&quot;. three cheers tony!
@ZENIADCUNHA what did you want me to do then zenia.....throw a mega tantrum? keep your love for cricket alive, you were excellent.
wow, my school in a poll for the 7 wonders of hyderabad!!  http://t.co/hA4KA8Nm   go hps!!
rahul dravid is brilliant here: http://t.co/mfpdonmN a little humour, a little wisdom. the power of education.
from @joybhattacharj good one!1st class record.Born XX May,1965.7 matches,9 innings,222 runs,highest 63no,2 catches. Not unknown at all.Who?
@gauravCNNIBN and don't forget teams can generate revenue from their sponsors.
just read a very nice piece by rob steen on cricinfo http://t.co/bfURcAvc india has some fine writers too but never seem to make the papers!
just a thought seeing the injury problems with the aussies. if that had happened in india would we have kicked up a storm?
@Nambitious  will definitely have to be marketed but the strategy should be to give lesser but more relevant cricket. so no contradiction!
and amul stylish and classy once again. the tribute to mario has no sales line. just an amul logo. good to see in these times.
the new jp morgan ad is a good old-fashioned art director's print ad.
@shyam__bala absolutely. what do you think? ignorance? arrogance? inability to see the world change?
if you are going to have a public vote for man of the match, you must have the equivalent of a critic's choice too. give away two then.
alas @ashim_sport not a liverpool fan, or of any epl team for that matter! had posted a photograph because i had the t-shirt, that's all!
quick reminder. with anita at crossword, kemps corner (mumbai!) at 1900 hours today. see  you there
prasoon joshi on walk the talk with shekhar gupta is excellent. missed watching it but read the transcript in the indian express today.
will be at crossword kemp's corner tomorrow (13th december) at 1900 with anita to discuss the winning way and sign copies. do come
of course it was nimbus. apologies. afraid don't know facts so can't offer comment.
the cancellation of the tv rights deal with numbus is serious. waiting to know facts.
it is always a sad day when an eminent and enormously capable person has to quit. kumble was perfect for the nca.
@rimi2983 those in corporate life are extraordinarily successful too. unusual professions seem to catch the eye more!!
from @rajeshstats n the last 50 years, though, Australia have won with a sub-150 1st inng total more often than any other team
my friend &amp; excellent commentator, glenn mitchell is on twitter at @mitchellglenn. tweets frequently and interestingly on cricket from oz
@paritoshZero ignoring idiots is the best way to deal with them; at traffic lights or in social media!! any reaction is a win for them
@RonChiefBSB @rajeshstats fair call. but the stats that rajesh talked about stand out
from @RicFinlay Chris Martin only bowler in Test history (min 100 wickets) whose batting average (2.38) lower than his economy rate (3.38)
from @rajeshstats Australia's 16th Test defeat since 2008. Only WI and Bangladesh have lost more during this period
the legendary prof mote said at the end: when you have a place in so many hearts, why do you need a memorial. eyes were moist.
so many captains of industry there; people with vision, who have created wealth and transformed lives. and some great academics
never believed i belonged in the intellectual climate at iim-a. to get a distinguishd alumnus citation was unreal and very deeply humbling
didn't watch a ball for two days. had a wonderfully uplifting and very moving time at iim-a.
when teams are going downhill they need to rally around a couple of key players. does australia have players who can show the way?
australia's batting frailties means they will have to be careful about preparing tracks that help seamers too much.
remember if you get all five right and get the slogan right you could join me in australia and be part of a couple of blogs!
for those who missed out on some of the quiz questions on my video blog, here are all five back to back http://t.co/fRky5QFC
always get inspired and moved when i visit our old campus. been more then 26 years since i left it but still the same feeling.
two days from tomorrow...no internet...no twitter....in ahmedabad for our institute golden jubilee function.
such injustice in kolkata. and here we are complaining about little problems in life.
terrible. 73 killed in a fire in a hospital in kolkata! patients trapped. what is this a punishment for?
i suspect someone in twitter gets bored and keeps changing the look. don't guys.
@ad80 of course it is a marketing issue; the marketing issue is to determine supply
http://t.co/U0seq9B5  latest piece on indian express/cricinfo
rushing to the airport now. will contemplate what has happened on the flight back home
i wonder sometimes if sehwag achieves these landmarks because he doesn't worry about achieving them.
among contemporary cricketers sehwag was one of very few who could have done it...gayle maybe...who else?
can you believe it? only watched till 125, was in a corporate session with siemens and missed the double.can imagine what it must have been
of course yadav out....means time for my nap!!
only question is who to leave out if irfan plays. vinay kumar has done well, maybe yadav. but aaron needs cricket too.
meanwhile #thewinningway goes to siemens today. looking forward to it.
thewinningway
agree with @gauravCNNIBN about playing rahul sharma now that irfan pathan can bat at no 8. maybe a break for ashwin
@murali830 why don't you order online? from flipkart or indiaplaza?
http://t.co/SVF7dgnN  interesting stats tidbits. who played max tests in tendulkar era without playing against him for eg!
in a couple of days will release another blog featuring all five questions so that you can still register and hope to make it to australia
latest video blog up; rampaul, russell, rohit, kohli &amp; irfan in it. also question no 5 for the australia visit up too. http://t.co/0h8PVrRA
winning way in chennai today with the hilton. 4 hours. learnt a lot too.
so why do people want to change photographs. was perfectly happy with the first one.will probably go back to it.
trying to take a cue from @SrBachchan and change the photograph on my profile. only one i found on my laptop!!
reactions to my post on freedom of speech confirm to me that 140 characters is too few to explain a point of view.
2 overs for umar gul, 1 for sohail tanvir...if you are a fast bowler this would be cricket noir!
personally i ignore the offensive posts i get but it is a tricky debate for freedom must always come first. will post thoughts by and by
@taruntuteja no big deal tarun but flooded with comments! people saying things as bad in the u.s!
far too many people on social media hide behind pseudonyms to make inflammatory statements. freedom doesn't mean that.
from @abdullah_omar: We want luxury of free speech but not burden of responsibility for how we use that freedom.Something will have to give.
they say there is a telecom revolution in india. then why can't i finish a single call i start without it dropping?
http://t.co/pFLLiiv0  tiny clip of milton friedman talking to phil donahue  on capitalism. got it from john buchanan! wonderful to watch.
@joybhattacharj has restarted his excellent daily quiz. 1 cricket + 1 general question. eg: why do srk &amp; amitabh need to thank dev anand?
@shyamdeshpande in melbourne only for the test. don't think i will have the time
there is much to like about this west indies side; as indeed it has always been with them. just need some quality batsmen now
not surprised ahmedabad crowd booed west indies for winning. anyone with a link to the kohli dismissal?
the affable &amp; incredibly friendly goolam rajah retires as manager of south africa. from so many thousand miles away...well done my friend.
didn't see the kohli decision; but for all his unarguable skills does have an issue with body language. sure someone will be speaking to him
find andre russell a very exciting cricketer and surely rampaul is the best west indies bowler?
decisions like the one raina got today must remind him of all those that went in his favour on another day
will be nice to see the west indies defending this target with gusto. sammy and russell have certainly given them the option
but good to see young legs in the field. raina, kohli, even rohit. and jadeja's catch today out of this world.
oops should have read inexperience!!
in experience from india at the end. a few years we would have this kind of hitting unthinkable!
http://t.co/JSXJUzXp  latest video blog plus question 4 that could take you to australia
@nautanki sorry about nihit. he had called me.
at the timesfest event, when swanand kirkire was invited onto the stage, gulzar saab stood up for him. little things tell you about people
notice how the tributes to dev anand always talk about the gentleman. found that most endearing
warm, intimate, a true story. http://t.co/p8p5xQHC
@KadambariM absolutely. have been after mudar for years to rekindle the passion for cricket.
our great game recalls a believer !  http://t.co/OnUNlqYz
indian managers in demand overseas. so good to see. my friend sanjay gangopadhyay from nike now looking after asia. delighted
from @shyam_bala  Shammi Dev Pat and Socrates in one year. End of Style
shammi kapoor &amp; dev anand in one year? dev saab singing from teesri manzil and shammiji doing jab pyaar kisise hota hai?
@khushsundar @swanandkirkire wow,didn't know you were here. yes had a rollicking time. there are so many riches around us.
yes guys @phanisekhar @forwardshortleg decision not in my hand; am freelance now. but option of having fun still mine!
humming dil ka bhanwar kare pukaar.....
hi @deepesh_kothari i don't have a pr team...sometimes when i see where the world is headed, wonder if........
gulzar saab, born in a sikh family; me a maharashtrian born in hyderabad, greeted each other in urdu with a salaam!
winning way with eclerx today. lively crowd. good to see driven, young men and women doing well. lived in a different world today
swanand with 'banwra man' was sensational and wow, madan gopal singh is a star. explains poetry and sings like he was meant to.
made my day when gulzar saab asked for me after the event. said &quot;ham pehli baar zameen par mil rahe hain!&quot; gave me a signed copy of his book
brilliant morning session at the timesfest with the legendary gulzar saab, swanand kirkire and my first meeting with madan gopal singh
@TrentyMc @QuentinHull @abcgrandstand why, does he? wow, must listen to them then!!
sorry guys @theRealSkull not my friend kerry o'keeffe. just another cheap impostor.
amazed that people think i'm advocating t20 as a route to test cricket. just saying we are seeing first signs that it is possible!!
@theRealSkull i think it is fair to say you will have more followers than runs...maybe more than no of balls you bowled in f c cricket?
http://t.co/r65th8dk transcript of the rediff chat
how are you guys doing with question 3. also my view on first odi. http://t.co/1l4MzmI7
ah, the dirty picture! bold. vidya balan was super, not easy at all to do what she has. didn't think india would produce a film like this
what a delightful young man abhinav is and what an outstanding book him and rohit have written. at last some great sports writing
excellent session at the timesfest with rohit brijnath and abhinav bindra. wish the microphones had been better but nonetheless...
@rajcheerfull  absolutely. trust all well. cheers
and now off for a preview of the dirty picture! fingers crossed. no clue what to expect
reading the rohit brijnath book on abhinav bindra.  blown away. i hope you will be at mehboob studios for my conversation with them
good time at the http://t.co/0a9C0jjy chat. was told the numbers were similar to those for bollywood stars. well...
if hockey india had supported indian hockey with the same intensity with which they oppose wsh, there would have been no need for wsh!!
video blog on the odi at cuttack out at http://t.co/1l4MzmI7  also 3rd question that could take you to australia. pretty simple!
meanwhile will be on http://t.co/0a9C0jjy for a live chat at 1500 looking ahead to australia.
@sidtheholyone but that will be a cheap way of doing it. no there is a far larger world to savour.
@raytida but it might have been my decision too!!
i always wanted to do one tour where i watched as a cricket lover, talked and wrote about it. luckily, will happen in australia
@raytida ah, they can't! not on contract with them!!
deeply moved by the very large number of people asking if i will be on star cricket. means a lot to me. but it is someone else's decision.
@halfacow i certainly hope he isn't but that is what the numbers over the last few years suggest!
submitted my visa application! they were very nice about it! nothing to worry about just that i am uncomfortable with forms, manuals etc!!
so new zealand are doing ok, their best batsman is in. just because he bowls must vettori bat below the pure batsmen?
weird. if i'm hosting the telecast of the world cup final, am not tense. but terribly worked up about going to the australia visa office
@samirkochhar looks like senior pathan out with knee injury
don't know if selectors would be convinced about him as one of 4 bowlers but in odis with jadeja at 7 and irfan at 8, would be excellent.
another five wicket haul for irfan pathan, this time against a decent delhi side. has bowled a lot of overs. i think he should be ready.
on http://t.co/0a9C0jjy tomorrow (3-5pm) for a live chat on indian cricket.will also look ahead to australia.
oh, and by the way, am told winter might consider dropping by in mumbai. end of november and 36 degrees?? how's it in delhi?
just recorded video blog plus third question for the australia contest with samsonite. should be out later today.
some interesting stats on @castrolcricket.com; 83 years since bradman's test debut; made 18 and 1 for an avg of 9.5. finished 99.94!
@ashim_sport ashim, the scorecards have names and you know what those names can do. rate others low don't you!!
reading limited overs scorecards in our part of the world recently makes me wonder if fast bowlers need some support. everything low/slow
@SachinKalbag wow, interesting that players are willing to speak their minds.
amazing in a world where sport is all around us, we rarely get a chance to peep into the minds of sportspeople and those that chronicle them
really looking forward to a discussion with rohit brijnath and abhinav bindra at the times fest at mehboob studio on dec 2.
@ramansundar @gowthamanr indeed. another top indian manager makes waves overseas. all the best.
@pratyushdavinci and why would that be astonishing pratyush!
entertaining but inexplicable--aaron's interpretation of his batting skills vis-a-vis yadav's!!
now that is why you need fast bowlers...to make batting entertaining!
so sehwag said warner would make a test cricketer before the aussie had even contemplated it. benefits of the ipl? sharing thoughts?
@sanakazmi ah, now wouldn't it have been fun if he had said that about fast bowling!!
from @jakesprime Opposing FDI in retail seems flavour of the season! Most parties don't have a clue, other than fact that the Cong proposed
overwhelmed by number of people asking if i will be doing commentary in australia. yes i will: on abc radio. will do regular video blogs too
well abhilash @AbhiGovindrajan times change. there might be a segment that believes t20 is cricket. cannot ridicule that thought.
here's an excellent interview. interviewer has strong views but doesn't impose them on interviewee. http://t.co/NH3O0TGa
video blog on mumbai test. and the 2'nd question that could take you to australia. http://t.co/0h8PVrRA
from @bhogle  Will Indian interest in test cricket die completely after Sachin gets 100th 100?
i foresee the bcci is going to be challenged in the days ahead. will have to market cricket. in fact, even tv channels will have to
absolutely brilliant and insightful article on why kolkata is turning its back on test cricket. http://t.co/Y2fErRJU
@wvraman would love to hear your point of view on him when we meet next. trust all well with you!
@v_sankaran @ashwinravi99 any reason you sent me this venkat? not sure i'm part of that group!!
@tifosiguy umm, but did say too that he is more likely to do that with wickets in his bag....didn't fit your argument!! cheers
easy in retrospect but @ashwinravi99 could've looked for 1 off the 5th, tied game &amp; left it for aaron. but batsman has to take the call.
that's why @akshay_wekhande it's an easy game from a 100 yards. if he had got out playing a shot,india could have lost!
@nitinadkarni hi nitin, that's what i said didn't i? could've put pressure on the fielder..but to blame him for the draw is naive
@ashwinravi99 delighted for you. guess one ambition at a time but you must aspire to bat 6 or 7 for india, even if it takes 30-40 games
i don't know how much ranji trophy cricket ashwin will play but next time must bat no lower than no 5 or 6 for tamil nadu
only criticism of ashwin--his movements on the field. if i was his coach i would get him to train with a sprinter.
people criticising ashwin naive. could've run harder, put pressure on fielder but always going to be run out by half the pitch.
by the way guys, the first 3-4 questions are quite simple. and the prize, visit oz to see cricket, brilliant. http://t.co/0h8PVrRA
hi @srikanthn recorded the second question last evening. should be up today. quite easy!
@amitdawn i believe there is live streaming on bcci.tv
@paritoshZero well done. meanwhile  i retain the urge to run 200 yards!
@Maheshbhupathi just read of your win over the bryans. way to go. delighted
wishing yuvraj singh all the best and a return to good health. still some years of great cricket ahead.
partnership 27 in 7.1 overs. required 27 in 7.1 overs!
this is turning out to be a brilliantly timed run chase. west indies one wicket away from being back in the game
fair to say that everyone got this pitch wrong. it has turned out to be a beauty; for batsmen first three days, bowlers after that.
meanwhile, amidst all that happened yesterday, the best news was that joginder sharma is out of danger.
in a test match there is the safety net of a draw. often that is the most treacherous, india must keep knocking 1s/2s
instinct says dhoni he will wait till it is about 40-45 to get in 10-11 overs. then maybe go for it.
recd from a friend: support #PeoplesGateway Movement to rededicate gateway of india to the spirit of the soldier: missed call to 08030050099
PeoplesGateway
@MitchellGlenn ah, just occasionally!!
yes @OsmanSamiuddin @abbasnasir59 we need more people to talk about the futility of kargil. young men better served building nations.
it was an easy indian team to pick. sometimes you get it right!
ojha's dismissal of bravo and ashwin's wicket of baugh as good spin bowling as any you will see
http://t.co/3e4frTHS the team that i think will go to australia
@UshyMohanDas what was her name? i might know her too!
think sachin should play odis; not just to have a shot at the 100th 100, that too, but to keep playing cricket. else,break will be a month
what a petty thing to say ! @SindhiGooner
of course i do @arunsrini but counting down adds to the tension which doesn't help.
this is the ground on which as a 14 year old ballboy sachin dreamt of doing big things. will be appropriate if he can get it here.
if he decides to play safe, look for the comfortable runs; if he counts down himself, he will struggle.
can sachin remain calm and be able to pretend the target doesn't exist? great players do that.
nobody can cast a shadow large enough to conceal 13000 runs. the shadow is in our little minds
must confess i am increasingly appalled by people who say dravid is living in tendulkar's shadow. 13000 runs, in a shadow?
on cnn-ibn in about 20 minutes: on dravid and tendulkar
did an appeal for baba amte's anandvan with rahul dravid yesterday. he was tired but kept his word. he can bat, rahul,but he's a good man.
@MitchellGlenn what's with those tweets saying commentary thing of the past. have i missed something? all well?
@MitchellGlenn ah, here you are! all well? what's with the hair cut in that photograph?
thanks to aditya baliga @sumofzeroes,this is the link to the article in the economist :   http://t.co/iXutwkxQ
if I had to name two people to really explain indian cricket to me i'd go with sanjay bangar and aakash chopra.
started reading out of the blue by aakash chopra. very moving stories there. the reality of indian cricket unfurled
@AniketDeshmukh1 aniket, the economist is a magazine!
absolutely brilliant piece from the economist in the indian express. differentiates between a country (a land) and its people (disapora)
i was referring to a trend not to a person. the conclusion in our mind need not be in the mind of the tweeter!!
the greatest peril that can befall an interviewer is to believe that he/she is the star. never. the guest is always the star.
has it become fashionable to interrupt people on tv interviews? i always thought the objective of an interview was to hear the guest.
how many of  you have attempted the first of five quiz questions that will take you to australia? http://t.co/PXn4iw3b
india bowled 22 overs in an hour? anyone remember the last time that happened?
you can also go here http://t.co/mRjVzIyu to register your answers to the quiz questions. remember all 5 correct qualify for australia
excellent time with the winning way at the gartner conference yesterday. 1000 people in the hall..very uplifting...
@mmbangwa decent crowd at the wanderers for the aussie test? from what i saw didn't seem like there were too many
@sushkar @SANJAYMANJREKAR because someone is a certain way, we needn't follow. you have the ultimate power...don't read!
if you can answer the question at the end of each of the next 5 video blogs you can go to Australia. register on http://t.co/mCiwWEZO.
latest video blog plus the first quiz question up now http://t.co/8SBpQhcw
@MickeyArthur wish you well mickey. hopefully will get to say hello in melbourne.
wouldn't rahul sharma have been better served playing for punjab? but with four seamers would he have got a place? 18 wkts from 10 games!
@PhysicalGrffiti didn't get it...sorry
at this level the coach needs to manage people, stoke the fire within, be an elder brother...you don't have to teach skills
have met mickey arthur a few times and have always found him courteous. enjoyed talking to him on cricinfo recently
the world must have changed a lot recently....australia appointing a south african coach?
the only reason i can think of for &quot;resting&quot; umesh yadav is that he must have had a niggle. otherwise he would have been waiting to bowl
brilliant cricket but brilliant television too. captured the emotion which is the essence of sport.
what a great match. and the series is over!!
or, differently put, south africa must believe it is their game now
outstanding test match with hardly anyone watching. what a pity. still wide open. still favour south africa
martin crowe may have missed out on the runs he needed to get to 20000 fc runs but that won't stop us from remembering the batsman he was.
i fear india pick too many players for a home test. often players are better off playing 1st class cricket than sitting out a test
india would have better served sending kohli to play for delhi once it was decided he wasn't playing the test.like they did with rahane
http://t.co/M3WhA4xP latest video blog. question appears from the next one which i have just shot
i have no doubt in my mind that virat kohli wll play tomorrow. he must because he was the first choice pick.
many stars there but the moment dilip kumar entered, it was different!!
met some favourite people; @faroutakhtar and was introduced to @shreyaghoshal. and reconnected with shantanu moitra who's always excellent
excellent reception last night from @bomanirani to celebrate the wedding of his son. classy and elegant like him
when i started covering cricket didn't think i'd see a day when usman khwaja of australia would be facing imran tahir from south africa
the last thing sachin needs is for people to invade the news using him as a vehicle. 200 coins to leave him alone?
oh dear! 100 gold coins for sachin if he gets a 100 at wankhede? sad.
south africa's apartheid regime shut the door on d'oliveira. as it turns out he was part of shutting the door on them.
basil d'oliveira's story was one of what you could achieve if you just kept trying.
saddened to hear of the death of basil d'oliveira. inspirational figure.was moved by his dignity and class when i read first book about him
dear http://t.co/PfFlozV5, i did not make any allegation of match fixing. i was asked if i thought it happened and i said yes in response.
@zindagiekkhel even stranger are the conclusions you draw!
but i will say this.1, we get very excited very quickly. 2, we need to be sure before jumping the gun. 3, we need to question the timing.
some idea of what vinod kambli said but you have to be sure when saying things. i would much rather go by what other team-mates say
@BHARDWAJ43 oops sorry about that. will look into after getting home
pitch dark here by 430-5. suspect it will be colder when i leave for the airport. couldn't see much here, maybe another day
yes, the winning way was with epson in vienna today. my presence was kept a secret so couldn't tweet earlier!! back home tonight.
freezing here in vienna.when we landed at noon yesterday pilot said it was -2 degrees! went for an afternoon walk to feel the cold. felt it!
from http://t.co/ZrtbtTQB: interesting that the word &quot;thrift&quot; once meant prosperous; hence a spendthrift one who spends his wealth!!
isn't it amazing that the obituaries on peter roebuck have ascended to a writing standard that we don't normally see?
@plalor yes i am and like last time i look forward to a meal together
india's hockey administration can be a brilliant case study on how to ruin a sport. will be surprised if anyone believes current overtures.
hockey india now announcing major &quot;rewards&quot; to players who stay on. didn't the players &quot;stay on&quot; through all these years of neglect?
@isaguha @AlisonMitchell and how is the bowling going isa?
@plalor good to hear from you peter. you well? must have been tough. you did well though according to greg baum
saw &quot;senna&quot; on the flight today. very very moving
the bravo / lara numbers were a statistical oddity--nothing to do with comparing ability.
@KNAjit and who is that?
@ramansundar what did you think of the idea of involving cricketers from kashmir in some form in the ipl?
from @rajeshstats And Bravo scores 136, which means after 12 Tests he has scored 941 runs at 47.05... exactly Lara's stats after 12 Tests
@ramansundar think it was like that when we were last there too! used to come down to the lobby!
@rohanbopanna seriously well done. very proud of another indian success story. can you pass congrats to aisam as well? cheers
@alokpi @ramansundar wow, that was aggressive. patronising? no! just giving cricketers there an opportunity to play with the best.
i genuinely believe sport can make a difference, even if little. with football in the northeast and, now, cricket in kashmir
reading mudar's article gives me an idea. @ramansundar how about one player from kashmir in each of the ipl sides?
@paritoshZero itka pan shoor nahi zhalo ajun!! parva dupari parat.
my friend mudar patherya, awesome as usual. cricket to integrate people in kashmir? http://t.co/u79zTgJb
this is a world of its own. flights currently being announced for newcastle, casablanca,abidjan, lagos and colombo
at an emirates lounge in dubai. truly multi-cultural. must cater to all. so english breakfast mingling with idli and sambar
@raj_ab wouldn't mind praising it..if i could!
yes @ashdragoon if you qualify through the quiz &amp; slogan section of step out with harsha, definitely. even do a blog together from oz
if you thought indian airports are getting better head immediately to chennai international airport. the lounge...well like the airport!
&quot;when fiscal discipline was not adhered to, some of it was concealed with the help of experts such as Goldman Sachs&quot; yv reddy
very interesting interview with yv reddy, the parts i understood that is!!  http://t.co/G8gGfy2X
http://t.co/fAYive0Z  very interesting piece from sunil bharti mittal. we need some governance!
and what does one say of the west indies batting? who's going to say: come bat with me and i'll show you how!
busy day today. sorry for all those at cognizant who couldn't get in to our session. we had to cap the number of entries sadly.
remember i'd said that viewers of step out with harsha stood a chance of going to australia? here's the link. http://t.co/S4xdPzAZ
match starting at 830 tomorrow? in other parts of the world players set the wake up alarm for that time on a test match day.
and @karanmehta19 @tarunjohri india wouldn't have got two wickets today! always about what is best for the team
very simple @varadadya back of the bat is where the additional sponsor sticker is allowed!
caught some of the highlights. how big was kemar roach's no-ball to dhoni when he got a nick on 15! didn't look like brathwaite got an edge
@rajeshstats seeing that list realise why the 1000 run cut off made sense. maybe no of tests at a venue as a cut-off?
planning something very interesting on the step out with harsha video blog. quiz question in each of next five. chance to go to australia
@abbykhaitan hi abhilasha, so what are you upto these days?
@rajeshstats if it hadn't been for the 1000 runs how would azharuddin have done at eden gardens?
@raytida agree that weekday scheduling doesn't help. but there are deeper reasons. watching sport cannot be a chore.
@raytida sadly not blesed with your intellect!
i sometimes get the feeling that it is fashionable to praise test cricket but not to patronise it. certainly in our part of the world.
we can say all we want about our products (test matches) but eventually the consumers must like it. can't ignore their preferences
for all you test cricket romantics, and this is one tweeting, no one at eden gardens. looks like a ranji game going on.
http://t.co/KcrgBqTz  have you heard this discussion on spot fixing? what do you think?
@rameshsrivats but that's not an answer. serious. they said about john arlott that his best throwaway lines were his best rehearsed!!
@rameshsrivats do these lines just come to you...or do you spend time making them up?
hi @PatSymcox77 @SANJAYMANJREKAR and others. disappointed but not surprised at all at the postponement of the world test championship
@venkatananth  admire your generation for passing judgement without knowing people. have not sold out to anyone, you'll understand one day!
@SERG1O_D actually we didn't. both of us admired the australian way of playing sport
@AshokV1 was too shocked to write. that was the 1st line from the intro i wrote to his autobiography in 2004
@jimmaxcricket so many memories come flooding by. why jim, why?
&quot;peter roebuck was meant to write about cricket in the manner sachin tendulkar was born to play it&quot;
a flood of memories....did timeout with him only a couple of days ago....wrote the foreword for his book....did commentary together....
devastated. my dear friend and one of the greatest cricket writers ever peter roebuck passes away. why?
@vsnipz sorry don't agree at all...nobody has that right
@rohanbopanna wishing you luck with the big one.
from @Maheshbhupathi Fireworks in Paris as the Indo Pak express make it to their First Masters Series Final. Bring it home @rohanbopanna
another 100 for rohit sharma. he will be a bit disappointed because he needed a big one here. but good to see him score in domestic cricket
delighted to see irfan pathan's bowling figures for baroda today. getting lots of overs in which is what he needs.
reason i say tough call on ponting is that selectors have to weigh letting go at the right time versus getting something more out of him
ricky ponting has been one of the greatest. you need to be very sure before you say good-bye to him.
media in oz calling for ponting to go. tough call. in india we have reaped the rewards of persisting with the classy.
@ramansundar oops sscrolled down timeline and got the answer!!
@ramansundar would be interesting to know what the following of bcci.tv live streaming was in numbers.
@ajit_ranade anita wants to know,in simple layman's terms, why prices are going up!! btw, couldn't make it to kbc, had a recording.
@FarOutAkhtar seriously, you guys were awesome. you must have had a ball doing senorita! don 2 looking good?
@chaitukash79 @chetan_bhagat @sardesairajdeep don't remember any personal outrage from my side. did i miss something?
@magnesiumeister maybe MgS!
@peterawalsh but of course mr walsh! am in touch with mr hall!
@PatSymcox77 i did patrick...as much as i could...very proud to have called a south africa win as soon as oz were bowled out!
the winning way was at johnson controls yesterday. amazing team building activity--employees built simple prosthetic hands
@mohank one was full of intelligent observations, the other recommended physical violence!!
finally caught zindagi na milegi dobara. absolutely loved it. well done @faroutakhtar and zoya and everyone else
was flicking channels last night.saw many people shouting. thought it was a &quot;reality&quot; show--turned out to be a cricket discussion programme!
shekhar gupta in indian express talks about a social contract between journalists and readers. comes back to trust and therefore, honesty.
the kurien interview in times of india is one reason why i periodically take time off from cricket. there are other enlightening worlds
read a very interesting interview with tk kurien of wipro. then saw greg mathews saying katich should have punched clarke! different worlds!
re: south africa's test win...feels good sometimes when your instinct comes good.
@badalrocks considered it but realised it would have only added to the noise and may have been misinterpreted
dhoni is right about the media pressure on tendulkar. 100 hundreds will never happen again but every ball can't be a countdown.
i know pressure comes with the role but obsessive tendulkar fans who think they are well meaning actually putting too much pressure on him
http://t.co/yXA7ZMQV latest article on indian express / cricinfo
funnily hardly anyone has got out fending, no one has been hit...it can't be the pitch. no pitch in the world is a 21-9 pitch
whatever the carnage south africa have to back themselves to win from here. remember there is fear in the aussie camp too!
how important was the steyn/tahir partnership of 13? south africa might have been batting otherwise!!
19 wickets in 36 overs? has the world forgotten how to bat?
here is a little teaser. there is a wonderful surprise coming your way if you watch the step out with harsha video blogs
latest cricinfo discussion on spot fixing and beyond with osman samiuddin and peter roebuck. should be up on site by and by
http://t.co/1l4MzmI7  latest video blog on india's delhi win
from @bhogle As many guessed 19,13,13,13,9,9,9,11,15,11,17,13,11,8,11 is the no of tests SRT took to score every 1000 of his 15000 test runs
@blitzkriegz maybe some of them are!!
@jimmaxcricket must have been a great day's cricket. looking forward to more in oz later in the year.
@mmbangwa all well, thanks pommie. must have been a great day's cricket. we're far too caught up in sachin's 100th!
@mmbangwa hey pommie, something dramatic must have happened! what's the real story behind the vanishing dreadlocks!!
sadly only saw bits of michael clarke's hundred today but what i saw was enthralling. as good a counter attacking innings as any
from @bhogle My friend Arunabha asks: What does this series tell us?19,13,13,13,9,9,9,11,15,11,17,13,11,8,11
had a lovely time with sales team from perfetti yesterday. remembered centre shock and the hard time we gave ravi shastri a few years ago
from @gauravCNNIBN  7:30pm- @bhogleharsha will look back on the first test match with us- much to talk about!
meanwhile vvs doing it silently and with class.
still a match winning innings.
didn't run a leg bye....is this the move towards the hundred?
sorry @Prashu_420 but that was quite offensive
saddened to see number of people saying laxman must slow down. it's about india winning guys. tells us a thing or two about ourselves.
i get the feeling that at the moment tendulkar is the last man thinking of his century.
vvs taking the pressure off. if it means tendulkar has to wait longer for 100C so be it. that moment will come
fifteen thousand? he's building monuments.
ref my earlier tweet, institutional arrogance comes when the consumer is ignored.
this is why i often say that indian cricket has no time for the cricket lover. http://t.co/WgrpPJUl
if the ball is keeping low, ishant sharma should be in the game too. but what an opportunity for the west indies.
excellent time yesterday with idfc amc. good to meet intelligent ambitious people.
been travelling so catching up on the cricket off and on. this game still wide open
i forward tweets from my brother @bhogle to see if man united supporters have a sense of humour!! i don't support any team.
hi @winwinashwin if you think srinath was medium pace, i would recommend, going in the other direction if you run into him!!
from @bhogle  In 80 min we score 3 .The weaker team from Manchester struggles to score 1 goal, &amp; there's eerie goalless silence at Anfield!!
if you wonder why pakistan produces fast bowlers and india doesn't take a look at the ranji trophy scores.
really do hope that the ranji trophy doesn't end up merely as a festival of runs. batting cannot be the only reason to stage a cricket match
looks like a great test match in zimbabwe. very strong signs, not just in this game, that there is a revival there.
hi @sumanthdev prof tv rao is a good man. i have much to thank him for.
ah ha! the amazing @SoniaMinochka who almost mothered the young participants at the espn school quiz surfaces!!
and @SANJAYMANJREKAR you should know about triple hundreds. watched your excellent 377 against hyderabad!
@thecricketcouch a guy who works in tv told me that it is about india winning, then india playing then....whatever...
no @chau_s reason i said &quot;boys&quot; was it was one of my disappointments that there were very few girls on the programme.
but the espn school quiz got to a stage where i couldn't handle the pressure for young boys especially when they broke down if they lost
many ask about the espn school quiz. learnt a lot about television doing those programmes. definitely one of the highlights of my career.
http://t.co/Ta5xEMCN  the latest video blog. looking ahead to india vs west indies. yes, it's happening!
by the way, if i want to say something specific about someone i will say so directly. so please don't look for meanings in my tweets!!
is it acceptable twitter practice to retweet yourself the nice things that people say about you? somehow doesn't seem right...
find it strange that ministers &amp; economists attached to ministries saying something needs to be done about inflation but aren't doing much
very easy for cricketers to say that fixing happens, that they have been asked. aren't they meant to report such things?
@gr8gururaj two separate blogs!!
http://t.co/0h8PVrRA  ah, the video blog is up. tell me what you think.
thanks for the comments on our facebook winning way page. http://t.co/UTX8Z0bP keep adding thoughts on intersection of sport &amp; business
have restarted my video blog with thoughts on spot fixing and the india west indies series. should be up soon.
yes @Jay_Pandya @SrBachchan i have but i thought it was too much responsibility to carry given the aspirations people bring with them
my view on the spot fixing judgement. what do you think? http://t.co/qW7FAuKH
from @roshanabbas Join Keenan Santos open group! This movement must spread!  #JusticeForKeenanAndReuben
JusticeForKeenanAndReuben
bigger fan than ever before of @SrBachchan. conducts kbc with humility &amp; style &amp; never knowingly steals the limelight from the contestants
from @roshanabbas Join Keenan Santos open group! This movement must spread!
@Fareshte  hi fareshteh good to see you around after what seems like eternity. trust you are well
so what do you think of this post on alex ferguson's methods? http://t.co/UTX8Z0bP
@mint_ed @RMantri if i was running a good paper or tv channel i might be upset too but far too few are doing it.
can see why journalists &amp; editors are upset by what justice katju had to say about them. but a bit of introspection before the condemnation?
have just posted a blog on alex ferguson's nurturing and culling approach with man united. http://t.co/UTX8Z0bP
manoj prabhakar sacked as delhi coach. but what he said about the way young players were batting wasn't wrong!
i have @gopidon it should be a matter of concern. but it isn't surprising. had done a piece on cricinfo two weeks ago
@Nadir_Hassan  hi nadir was it you that wrote the really balanced piece in the dawn today
i fear this might lead to more cynicism; greater feeling that games, or moments, are fixed. must applaud those that said no
some very measured articles on http://t.co/LWW0sO1w. always good to get a home country perspective on events
sorry @halfacow me condoning their actions? banish the thought. just putting into perspective the possible reasons
many cricketers come from poor families,haven't seen the world,are taken in by the good life that comes from sport. they are most vulnerable
most young cricketers live in a bubble; have little understanding of whom to meet and avoid. continuing education is a must
the icc cannot do more than educate and place deterrents. in a sense cricket needed this to show the danger of corrupt practices
it may be a bad day for butt and asif but may not be such a bad day for cricket. cricketers can now see what can happen
from @gauravCNNIBN : some sort of celestial design that vvs &amp; aishwarya share a birthday? in their own way both represent flawless beauty!
@RamizSpeaks mubarak huzoor. welcome to the community. hope you are having a great time. cheers. harsha
haven't yet got a copy of rohit brijnath's story of abhinav bindra but have little doubt it will be the best written sports book for a while
would have given anything to eavesdrop on a converstion between abhinav bindra and rahul dravid...perils of doing too many things?
http://t.co/fTcaJ1nh  looks like the launch of abhinav bindra's book was quite an occasion
i am delighted @garamsamosa to have a completely different point of view. gavaskar was a legend whether you like it or no
hi @dhawal1988 i can get by with marathi pretty well in a conversation but it's different when speaking in public...
recovering from surgery @itsmebhaski . hopefully should begin playing soon.
no @wasifmohd1 haven't been able to follow the hong kong super sixes
well @Hopeless007 if you can find the right forum, maybe!
i don't know @mikejutzen it's been said but you never know who to believe
hi @anarkanu you really rate yourself don't you gaurav!!
more excellent reading today. the absolutely brilliant greg baum on don bradman. http://t.co/y8yEhAor
very nice piece by santosh desai in times of india today about using state force to curb dissent. dissent has to be part of democracy.
love to hear a language well spoken. great marathi speakers. and good to interact with sudhir gadgil and sunandan and @vikramsathaye
completely missed formula 1 yesterday. was  on the way to pune for my friend sunandan lele's book release.
thanks for the overwhelming response. wasn't a poll but majority thought it should be srt, kd, smg, rd and ak. tough to argue with that.
great idea in oz to get all internationals to select their 5 greatest aussie cricketers. idea worth emulating. who'd be your top 5 indians?
my brother @bhogle couldn't watch arsenal v chelsea live. was sms-ing him the score. needless to say he was ecstatic at the arsenal win
hi @ajitwrites  don't know what the word &quot;status&quot; means. always felt it is something others assign to you.
australia's new selection head was also a mathematics teacher &amp; univ warden; has a record of rapport with young people as a univ educator!
I would have played a lot more Test matches if I had played better and been a better player: john inverarity, new selection head in oz.
@glennmcgrath11 2  for 3 of 2 overs more like you!! regards. hope you are having a great life. harsha
whatever the issue with the organisation, vandalising equipment at the metallica event absolutely unacceptable
in our corporate talks we often talk about the little 1% execution related things that make the difference between winning and losing!
almost feel like taking back my tweets about india yesterday. dog on track, no metallica...laying ourselves open to ridicule
running india is complex, running it down is easy. the india of booming enterprise co-exists with the india of poverty/corruption.
there are many indias. some part of us is admirable, another part isn't. but both parts exist. you only find what you search for.
a suggestion to english sports journalists coming to india. we struggle sometimes but we are not only bad. (cont'd)
i would rather yuvraj played a couple of games before being picked for the tests. and need to know if sehwag fully fit.
india need an in form harbhajan in australia. questions before selectors is: does he rediscover it in tests vs wi or in ranji for punjab
cricinfo reporting dhoni may be rested from tests. hope not true. could miss 2-3 odis later in the season.
@nimishdubey just wanted to check what people thought about profit and sport!!!
thanks for the reasoned responses on man united and the ipl. was fearing petty rants but almost all of these were good to read
your thoughts please.not rants, just a debate. man united run for profit like a corporation. so is ipl. one considered ok, other not,
http://t.co/8EgKxSq1  a genuine cricket lover, ian chappell, on a genuine cricket hero, keith miller
very interesting article in the indian express today from the economist about indian capitalism and about who is generating wealth
from @Ferozx:  It is never the money that corrupts the rich. Its the urge to test the limits of their power over other people. Its a sport
interesting that an event that is all about speed and sound is at a venue named after someone who embodied peace and calm.
congrats f1 fans. hope you enjoy india's first formula one event. been to one at silverstone a few years ago.
don't know if rajat gupta is guilty or not but do know that when making money is the ultimate ambition in life, you do things you shouldn't!
far lesser sound in mumbai this year for diwali. well done mumbai.
@joybhattacharj did that game joy!! something about feeling the world is going round and round!
http://t.co/APsrK2Sx   a chat with the interesting sidin vadukut. we talked about much more than this!!
http://t.co/IgD8OFNl  and http://t.co/hk6HBEQp   interview with vinay kamath in business line
wishing everyone a very happy diwali. hope this is a beautiful year, full of happiness and light
@davyjacobs82 didn't realise you were still in rehab. hope it goes well for you. will be good to see you back.
no @SabrishAyyappan  because if you think of payback you play with anger. and that makes it difficult to think straight.
correction: 10-0 in indian conditions!! saw a different story in september!
the last nine one day games haven't told us anything we didn't know. india struggle with bounce and movement, england when it stops &amp; turns
also shows that beating the opposition is far better than talking about them.
so that is 10-0 to india against england in one-day games in the last couple fo years.
from @gauravCNNIBN   10:30pm- Reviewing series with @bhogleharsha
know i've said it before. dhoni likes to play the finisher from number 6 but i cannot help thinking that he should be number 5.
&quot;More than any other game, cricket lies at the mercy of romantics and mathematicians&quot;  : peter roebuck
@ackershd did it work with the scarves? scored a few points at home?
@nimishdubey tongue in  cheek nimish...was there something there i might have implied but didn't realise?
knowing him i don't think greg chappell means to be malicious or destructive. he has a very strong point of view that many disagree with
haha @dubugu i did but far too slowly to make an impact!!
in fact my admiration for sachin grew in 2007 in england when he was being hit on the body. was willing to scrap and look ordinary.
accept that sachin might have been going through a low phase due to injuries in 2006 but he stuck it out, was willing to play ugly cricket
i always wished i couldn't turn the ball so i could take 619 wickets. now i wish i was mentally fragile so i could score a million runs
cricket watching day today. have to do cnn-ibn at 1930 and 2330. hope kolkata produces a good track
remember enjoying crackers as a child but now diwali is back to being a festival of lights not sound
very interesting thought about the product of different skills at what the author calls an intersection.
read a few pages of the medici effect last night. very promising beginning. anyone know if the promise continues?
@thesportingedge yes, i think he is discovering himself. discovering that he can play being the person he is, not someone else!
got this amazing link from @HazeCricket who seems to have got it from @thesportingedge. golf ball hitting steel plate http://t.co/MXorUFTd
an example of what sport can do to uplift disadvantaged people. http://t.co/KmBe51To
@satty200 sathish...the article was by rajesh!! thought it was an interesting analysis.
the icc's first t20 rankings have spinners occupying the top 5 positions. and to think spinners weren't meant to have much to do in t20!
outstanding research as usual from s rajesh  http://t.co/VGqoP5LP
http://t.co/HAGhpfZy  the infosys-pune fc tie up is a very interesting innovation in indian football sponsorship
from @reunny All this cricket is boring. It is like hopping restaurants to eat the same biryani each day.
cricket in india, for all its riches, is a very middle class sport. people have to be able to afford to come to games
if you have one series following another there is no time to get excited. there is no sense of  anticipation.
low turnout for matches india is winning is a clear sign of fatigue. people need to get excited about a series, needs a build up....
if inability to clear the boundary consistently is seen as liability,news is it's over-rated.england need 70 from 80 balls, not 30 in 20
bell is not a sobers or a tendulkar. would be very interesting to know what england's thoery on not playing him is.
the two things i am foxed by in this series are the ineffectiveness of swann (missed game: why didn't he play?) and the english fielding.
varun aaron is a wide eyed young man finding his way in the cricket world. let's leave him alone to complete his learning
wasim akram once told me: if you have pace you can learn swing etc but if you know swing etc you can't learn pace. stick with aaron for now
by the way i'm not saying indian players are angels...am just against the need to abuse to win.
maybe i'm wrong but if you need to abuse someone to get him out of a &quot;bubble&quot; maybe you aren't good enough in the first place.
excuse me but am i missing something with this &quot;verbal assault&quot; that england are happy to indulge in. thought you needed wickets and runs
in my article i don't say lesser profit to the bcci, i say less profit per game.
latest article on indian express / cricinfo. what do you think? http://t.co/IdEpW1gm
good  night. session in agra tomorrow then the drive back...faridabad and ballabgarh (?) and noida again!!
but @Saiyam_26 you don't have to judge yourself by whether or not people reply!
hi @karan_nuts at the TED event we had visitors from pakistan &amp; i was just being courteous as they have been with me many times.
when i said rahane must open in all forms, i meant all the forms he plays...meant for mumbai in the ranji trophy!!
mature innings by the looks of it from rahane. he must open the batting in all forms now.
starting to think dernbach is a bit over-rated. bowlers with variations like ian harvey, dernbach and theron still need to keep runs down
next time someone tells you how long it takes to go from delhi to agra by road, ask them to factor in faridabad.
got into agra just in time to watch the last few overs. is there a cooler finisher than dhoni?
hi @zaid23 i don't worry about comments of any kind. as i have a right to express my view so does everyone else.
no @swapnilchichani no sarcasm at all. meant every word.
with social media being what it is wonder why networks don't produce music videos of the brilliant talent that comes out of little champs
sad @omarbutt92 you've fallen prey to the comparison disease too. just enjoy things for what they are.
just saw aalu anday by the beyghairat brigade. very interesting. art has always reflected turmoil in society.
correction: there is one other bumper crop in pakistan...talented, vibrant musicians.
meanwhile, i am waiting to see what kiran bedi's response will be to the article in today's indian express.
pakistan have a huge competitive advantage in life these days....fast bowlers!! looks like a bumper crop.
i absolutely enjoy talking to and reading @warne888. everything seems so simple and straightforward.
@warne888 calls for &quot;That hard work, get in the nets and train hard for two hours, forget the ice baths, physios, calories, stretching...&quot;
rahane is a good player but i wonder sometimes if he is trying to be someone else. just needs to calm down maybe.
it will be interesting to see how india play if the track at mohali does indeed help seam and bounce.
@nihar_k maybe one day i will have equally flat abs!!
but @abhmishracse if you haven't proved your worth how are you a better player?
yes @rahulvsd was asked to be an &quot;expert&quot; on kbc. said no because was uncomfortable with other people's aspirations riding on my knowledge
yes @gauravCNNIBN but by even mentioning her we actually help her. greatest fear for such people is being ignored; that is what is best done
would afridi be disappointed if he realised everyone knew he was going to come back anyway,that this wasn't a retirement but an interval!
didn't follow cricket today and look at all that happened. afridi's changed his mind again, junaid khan has taken 5, west indies all out 61!
just saw @rahuldravid. rahul has categorically told me he is not on twitter.
example of cultural differences: said that hd ackerman loves cookies after he demolished a packet. means something totally different in sa
at our book launch we had gautam gambhir as part of middle management and virat kohli as a fast tracker!
@santhanamvijay social media with the anonymity it allows fuels intolerance
kohli looks a special player. now needs to replicate this across conditions and formats consistently. looks so much more mature too
gambhir has to open. you don't change a top player's no to accomodate someone else. best players have to bat at the best numbers
disappointed with all the people who refuse to understand the context behind nasser's donkey comment.
meanwhile enduring a torrid evening at delhi airport courtesy of strangely inconsiderate kingfisher. like england, bad day for them today
isn't it amazing how good fielding is also a state of mind? england feeling unsure, uncomfortable, dropping catches.
what i like about these two wins is that india have won big, not scraped through. winning is also about creating hopelessness
@shishhattangadi @gauravCNNIBN @SANJAYMANJREKAR but shishir, what is the bombay school of batsmanship now?
just so all of you know i am not on linkedin.
if you love indian cricket and its history you absolutely must read this: http://t.co/rcF6yCgj
it was vijay merchant's birth centenary recently. and askok kumar's. the planets must have been well aligned to produce such giants.
but @badalrocks i do from time to time. as it is i spend too much time on twitter!!
back at mumbai airport. taking the winning way to more companies. enjoy it.
no @fenkatesh i am not on linkedin. i am not on facebook either except for the page on the winning way
hi @mo_seedat  i realise. but it is also common practice among established players to make fun of an outsider who tries something different
from @markathon: Read @bhogleharsha in conversation with Markathon!    http://t.co/2wRQfy3M #vartalaap #harshabhogle #iimshillong
vartalaap
harshabhogle
iimshillong
@preciouspress @BumbleCricket ah jack, no clue. but there will be many other places that i'm sure bumble will be delighted to try out!
@PatSymcox77 and why do i get the feeling that it delights you!!!
@Maheshbhupathi  so you've probably finished your quota for life then!!
@SnehaRajani maybe they too will get salman khan as celebrity chef!!
@paritoshZero are kahi saadhe, uchhar karta yetil ashe padartha waparto ki nahis kadhi?
hi @mo_seedat unfortunate hash tag (indians don't know football?). it is indeed steve mcmahon!!
@NFNiTM no mcmahon.
@BumbleCricket and if you are a liverpool fan, you will see steve mcmahon pop up as an expert!
@BumbleCricket you will get to see all the football you want while you are here. unless of course you want to watch acc stanley!!
@BumbleCricket no, just watching. doing occasionally for cnn-ibn. went straight into champions league after returning from england
@BumbleCricket you've been busy bumble!! hope you are having a good time in delhi. enjoy the food.
the french struggled against the welsh, the all-blacks romped past the wallabies....looks like the hakka and then long celebration
@paritoshZero pan tumcha pitthla bhakar pending aahe!!!
dear @sivanandanUK ; yes prakash iyer paid me a lot for this endorsement. he paid for it in skill and friendship
from @DEArdeshir: Old man' JRDTata said &quot;If you want excellence,you must aim at perfection . . that has its drawbacks,but it&#8217;s the only way&quot;
great joy of mother being hom. brittle gud-dani yesterday...today dadpe pohe!! can we give such small joys when it's our time?
@bomanirani indeed, she won a few medals at the asian age group in djakarta!!!!
@bomanirani no official contact numbers, airport numbers i got from enquiry go unanswered. seems we are better off here
@MAS been trying to call your mumbai office all day. my niece's bag missing. has swimming gear needed for competition. very disappointed
been trying to call malaysian airlines all day for my niece's missing baggage. wonder how they work?
maybe @hantan some other time. i was ready!
@mukundabhinav sure, when we meet next abhinav. and well played in the irani and challenger
and thank you everyone....can't believe so many people on this forum...
hope you enjoy the session with prakash iyer; he's a lovely man with a wealth of experience and a serious writer.
sorry all you guys at nitie.was really looking forward to meeting you;two drafts of talk ready,all dressed up but pick up car far too late
by the way guys i just tweet what works for me; each must have his/her own priorities, own set of values. eventually you have to be happy.
@GabbbarSingh wish you luck with your mentor then!!
a lot of you young guys have the option of pursuing excellence in a career. rewards always chase excellence, certainly in my experience.
absolutely @LoKarloFollow if i was excited by the work i was doing i would.
no @Trendulkar, not really, was the second worst paid grad at iim-a that year. but joined rediffusion which is what i always wanted
the salary is the wrong reason to go to iim-a because you go there, or to any fine institution, to make a career not earn a salary.
@ramansundar isn't hope a beautiful thing!! don't support either team though.
&quot;iim-a grad gets 1 crore offer&quot; says news item.  will tempt more students to go to iim-a for the wrong reason!
watched the 2'nd half of wales vs france at rugby. don't know all the rules but loved the contest. was counting down myself towards the end!
last nigth kiran reddy as cm and arshad ayub as head of cricket association were giving away awards. good to see, were teammates for long.
reviewing the 1st odi at 1130 pm on cnn-ibn.
feeling that england were in control till the 30th over. true they played well but dhoni doesn't mind giving time to play himself in.
remember having a discussion in england about the england batsmen looking vulnerable when the ball stopped and turned.
is there any other game i wonder where the conditions vary so dramatically across continents and determine skill sets?
so what has sport taught you? why don't you visit http://t.co/off6cpzV\thewinningway and tell us?
http://t.co/kGh1Xoov  on the winning way facebook page; another instalment of &quot;what sport has taught me&quot;. some very interesting thoughts
england must be a seriously good batting side if they can play without bell. perplexed.
as i said in the article can understand kumble's frustration at the perceived attack on integrity. been in that kind of situation myself
latest article on the peculiar situation kumble finds himself in. http://t.co/v2sBmKsI  what do you think?
kicking myself for missing the anil kumble interview on cnn-ibn, have to watch at 1130 now..
interesting @ashishkaisare to see how poor our opinion can be of others!!
sorry @Ferozx  no clue...which channel?
wow, @preciouspress. wish i could have watched mankad and gupte. those two and keith miller, denis compton &amp; of course the great sobers
@eshan_b put that one up with great difficulty!
delighted to see pepsi's change the game win the award. that and the maruti &quot;kitna deti hai&quot; were my favourites.
and last evening at a marketing/advertising event with the people from storyboard at cnbc. was on jury for some reason!
very nice evening at magic bus with little children being initiated into street cricket.heard warm stories about children with a better life
@thesatbir thanks for rubbing it in!!
there is more to sport than jingoism,angst,frustration &amp; gossip.can be used as a very powerful tool to keep kids away from other influences
delighted to be spending time today with magic box who use sport as a vehicle to help the disadvantaged.
at last finished doing column for tomorrow. have tried to address the kumble issue and why conflict of interest is inherent in our system.
@bomanirani ashok kumar of course. chalti ka naam gaadi with him, kishore and anoop kumar. and madhubala to complete the family angle!
i admit there is room for light,occasionally flippant or irreverent matter but having a readership places responsibility on you too.
not everyone has to be a missionary for progress  and reason but you have to have be careful not to direct people towards blind faith
i do hope bombay times realise they are promoting blind faith and irrationality by putting &quot;numerologists&quot; on their front page.
@namitabhandare determined to give it a go. let's see!! hope you are well.
hi @1playmaker @forwardshortleg there are some people who want to be sure before they comment!! and haven't taken a break from twitter!
well, @ImSidart , you musn't believe everything you hear. it's convenient for people to say that.
so clearly  @bal_ganesh you don't read what i write!!
heard bit of the audio recording of the lokpal issue discussion. only possible because of rti. now that's a symbol of democracy!
for all thos who asked, no comment on kumble matter or on the icc flip flop on drs since i have switched off from cricket for a while!!
first visit to the gym in 9 months. only half hour. could do half of what i used to. long way back!
i didn't enter the administrative side of cricket @vatwitrun. i don't think i'd want to.
hi @_nikhilpai_  don't believe too much in this celebrities vs common people business. there are many who do significant work quietly
i think you'll find most people who are secure with their position in life are humble.others need to throw their weight around to be noticed
@cricketwallah marvels at the connect amitabh bachchan has with his audience. not surprised. he is essentially a humble man.
when the people who defined your youth start moving on, it means you are getting on in years too.
another who embellished my growing up years goes away. jagjit singh defined his profession for us.
and so at 0127 i'm going to have to start packing. have a 715 pick up. good night.
i don't do any more cricket till the tour of australia where i am committed to do radio commentary for abc radio.
exactly three months since i left for england. love the cricket and the opportunity but time to put my feet up for a while
what a player this malinga is...always delivers with the ball and now, hits a few out of the park too. most valuable retention??
i'll say it again. this was an excellent tournament. some quality cricket, good teams and wide open almost till the end
i know it was only twenty overs but very impressed with harbhajan singh today; bowling and captaincy.
mumbai indians showed that even if  you are without your best if you hang in you can win
by the way the answer was tc yohannan, india's legendary long jumper, and his son, the fast bowler, tinu yohannan
last day today of what has genuinely been one of the more interesting tournaments i have been to.
questions too easy. too many getting them right too quickly. need to try more. meanwhile off to do rcb vs mi
i am one of india's athletics legends but my son chose to play cricket and played test matches for india. who am i and who is my son?
now many getting right answer: ajit agarkar: has a century at lords that sachin doesn't. both bat/bowl/throw right handed,write with left
hint for others; i have also taken 5 wickets in a test innings, he hasn't.
and now others getting it too. @subweiser &amp; @BunnyBackinBox
real quick from @ravithinkz and @parth2048
like him i bat/bowl/throw right handed and write left handed. he may have achieved much but i have something he doesn't. who am i?
ashish kapoor (now delhi daredevils) and vikram rathore (now king's xi)
ah @kadiansandeep ajit agarkar is married to mazhar ghadially's sister
that was quick from @vbhansaly and @sidhpat. my next hint was going to be: my b-in-l may speak punjabi but my tamil isn't that bad.
hint: neither of us made 34 centuries!
ok, here's one to follow @bomanirani's quiz. i played for india, so did my brother in law. both of us are associated with ipl teams. who?
@WillMHDavies  yes. haven't seen ratings but not sure they have been great.
yes @ashi_24 that is exactly what i mean when i write of being conditioned. like a facebook wall message instead of a handwritten note?
hi @cricketingview @raytida think you guys need to be a bit more generous! i don't suspect your motives, why should you suspect mine?
yes @VishnuMohan95 it hasn't. maybe people's views very different from mine! everyone entitled to prioritise
and the issue @PatelRap100, is what?
@mohank stars with traditional skills. the longer it is the more valuable dravid becomes and the less important satheesh!
prioritising maybe @WillMHDavies ! suspect priority is home team, home win only then other cricket.
mumbai indians also showing that you don't always need the stars to get by. the longer the game the greater the need for stars
the decision to bowl franklin was a dangerous one. he bowled length and got away with it! one of those calls!
have enjoyed watching somerset and trinidad &amp; tobago. they are the essence of the champions league
another brilliant game at the champions league. seriously, the cricket has been good
it's still a very privileged existence. i am looking forward to the two games in chennai but also to the flight home after that.
01:39 as i type this; 0645 wake up call to allow for a nice shower and breakfast; at the ground 2 hrs before play starts in chennai!
been on the road for three months now; disorients you; causes you to sleep when you can....worse, not getting younger!!
a bit tired now; not of the cricket, hopefully that will never happen, but all the travel; packing and unpacking and airports....
it's all very well for bat to dominate ball but to believe that 10 an over can be chased down is a definite shift in thinking.
great surface to bat on in bengaluru. but not all of the bowling was ordinary. i wonder if we are seeing a tipping point in t20 matches
@OhTeri_BhenDi @BluePearsall poor guy!! maybe someone has found a way of changing his photograph. my sympathies.
you know @sanda_boy that is the point so many are missing. i love odi cricket too and enjoy test cricket greatly.
hi @Asjad_Khan exactly the point i am making. they are different skills, not superior or inferior.
http://t.co/lIoexQ0B  can you like tests and t20 both?
you know @vishwanath1211 it is for people like you that i have written this piece. open your mind.
personally i enjoy all three forms. i don't look down on any. appreciate the fact that different skills are called for.
warner, harris, kohli, ferguson, dilshan, tait, vettori showed a lot of skill. need to look at it outside the context of our conditioning.
i believe our upbringing conditions us into creating a hierarchy of skills. and so we automatically look down at things like t20.
have really enjoyed the last two days at the champions league. have seen very high skill levels. article tomorrow is about that
went to the apple store on oxford street in london a couple of times while in england. not to see the products but to observe people!
incredibly being a tech laggard never use an apple product till i got presented an ipad. but have seen reverence in people's eyes.
apple's statement says &quot;world is immeasurably better because of steve&quot;.
@bomanirani of course zeenat aman
what a great cricket match. still reliving those final moments.
some asking why i said pankaj kapur as ans to @bomanirani's quiz. had a bit role in gandhi, son shahid kapur...but the daughter stumped me
@bomanirani isn't it interesting that the guy who writes the dialogue isn't remembered but the guy who speaks them is?
@bomanirani thought raaj kumar and mother india but didn't know daughter acted
@bomanirani not iftikhar?
@bomanirani quick one as i get ready to leave....wouldn't be pankaj kapur would it?
part 3 of &quot;what sport has taught me&quot; on our facebook page. http://t.co/UTX8Z0bP  what has sport taught you?
@senantix but it was an excellent article!!
hi @avinashanuga just happens sometimes!
wall street journal: kambli certainly seemed more talented than dravid. do we confuse talent with flamboyance? with playing certain shots?
@thecaravanindia have read three cover stories now and enjoyed each of them. in print too? can i subscribe?
the caravan is proof that the researched, well-argued article is still alive in india. our journalism is not only political noise.
@SnehaRajani hang on, didn't you say you were frolicking on the beaches at cannes?
dear @ksmsundaram1975   i never block anyone. it is a privilege to be followed even if people say nasty things sometimes.
saad bin jung is an old friend and colleague. his memory of his mamoojan is moving. http://t.co/G4L8UTED
@smohan59 that's good to know! my articles on cricinfo sometimes tell a different story.
@vivekparab  wondered myself..people seem to be copy/pasting
no @NSrinath you have to give credit to the original creator.
http://t.co/k2VHTTxE  easier!! from @bhogle  brilliant article on cognitive psychology and probability to discuss the sachin phenomenon.
from @bhogle,  http://t.co/B3JrPz7G    brilliant article on cognitive psychology and probability to discuss the sachin phenomenon
from @bhogle http://t.co/B3JrPz7G  brilliant article on cognitive psychology and probability to discuss the sachin phenomenon
would love to retweet many excellent tweets i see. but people then forward as mine which is neither true nor fair. so, sadly, no retweets!
@jakesprime insisted that he be miked up every single day. in love with the trini accent. and with the way they play cricket
&amp;gt; http://t.co/mKUItnD6 what a nice story. am sure we have such lovely memories to share rather than get worked up over some book!!
no cricket today, spent some time with the family. now will watch kkr v warriors on tv!!
@fasihahmad1 true but pareyshani se pareyshani tak may not have been a big hit!!
no @Vickramg i do believe there is a different class about him. but as i said that is not the only thing you need.
misfortune --&amp;gt; qayamat is a bit of an exaggeration but urdu seems to lend itself to that.
@fasihahmad1 excellent!!
being left out could be the best thing to happen to harbhajan.in terms of innate ability he has no challenger but often that is not enough
english: opportunity comes dressed as misfortune sometimes. urdu: so much richer. mauka kabhi kabhi qayamat ke libaas me aata hai.
very true @goursay it is something all of us must address. in fact it is something that i think about with respect to my career quite often
true @parmaryogesh maybe time to read toffler's future shock. just reading the wikipedia entry was revealing.
ajit rangnekar, dean isb,says in today's age anyone should expect to be out of job 3-5 times in their career for (cont) http://t.co/zyaL6rXr
@bomanirani a talent hunt? united producers.....something? thought too tall.....? know very vague
yes @Appy_Fizzz manu joseph is an excellent writer and that piece was typically nicely written.
hi @Madhavpuri90 i talk about the champions league because i like it! and the matches have been very good.
our stats guy said 291 sixes had been hit in 29 t20 matches before today at bengaluru. one innings produced another 11!
had never seen sarul kanwar before. what a great pitch to make a debut on. looked good but this is the beginning.
@sidvee yes, was impressed with player management; especially sending broad back to county cricket to prepare for the tests
mi still not into semis since cobras can beat t&amp;t to reach 5 pts.either nsw or csk can reach 6. so they need to beat nsw
@sidvee yes am saying break needed but decision has to be made by someone else.like with anderson &amp; this odi series. or morgan's surgery
@bystander @sidvee nothing wrong with missing tours. but the decision should be the prerogative of those that manage them.
from @SANJAYMANJREKAR yusuf pathan's fitness was the only reason for his non selection...i have reliably learnt.
from @sardesairajdeep world boxing champ marykom told cnn ibn she's using firewood for cooking because lpg is too expensive in manipur!
following on from @bomanirani, hrishikesh mukherjee was such a big part of our film watching. sensitive, simple and charming.
@shantanub mera player? gaming the system? sure you needed to send that to me?
latest article  http://t.co/dVJOprA1  agree?
@paritoshZero yes, on whether it will be able to retain credibility in india given the urge to be the first rather than accurate
@wvraman ah,wished had seen this earlier. but so good to hear from you. all well sir raman (as sidhu called you!)
@mohank not the icc calendar, india's own calendar. then factor work loads and no of series accordingly. currently like overstuffed suitcase
that is why my preference is that the ipl and the champions league are looked at as part of a calendar not as an add-on
@achettup if you want to give the players the choice don't complain if they don't play for india! need to build remuneration into contracts
@mohank precisely. that is where the problem is...not with player x or player y.
let me repeat. it is not about a player wanting to play for x or y. he shouldn't have that choice. if you give him the choice don't complain
in england the team management decides whether or not a player plays or whether he should play for his county or t20.
a player should not have to ask for rest. the team management that is meant to monitor him must decide that. their word should be final
it should never be a player's choice on whether he plays the ipl or the championslLeague or for india. It has to be the bcci's prerogative
bcci has to make it clear to players where the priority lies. india or franchise. cannot leave it to players. too much pressure on them
not surprised dhoni wants a break. looked exhausted in england. and couldn't practice because of sore fingers
good night. another early start. in bengaluru for the game. only one though. expecting kkr to come hard. better team than performances show
if kkr beat rcb tomorrow (later today?) they will probably drag them down. very tough to qualify with two defeats.
the reference to man united was only the belief among the fans that eventually they will pull through. csk fans think so too.
are trinidad and tobago unlucky or do they lack the finishing touch which separates the better teams from the others? suspect the second.
what an excellent day's cricket. good to see one of my favourites dwayne bravo back to his best
seems situation in sikkim is worse than people know. bhaichung bhutia is carrying on relief work there and is looking for help.
that blog is in all lower case because i think it is more informal. but i agree now it is a little more difficult to read
@Darknight2890 good one!! does seem that way.
http://t.co/nA1KB0Il  my latest blog. agree?
@paritoshZero @madhuvj so what is the most killest?
dev anand, lata mangeshkar, yash chopra...some great innings there. let's celebrate them.
seriously enjoying @bomanirani's questions and the stories that go with the answers!!
navratri celebrates the victory of good over evil. we could do with lots of that! have a festive nine days &amp; top it off with vijaya dashmi
that earlier quote was based on a by-lined story in the times of india.
&quot;team management feels no need to rush sehwag before he is 100% fit&quot;. that's a month and a half after he was picked for a test match?
fear the redbacks getting enough. very good toss to win too. kkr will have to bat really well. can't afford another defeat
csk vs cobras tomorrow should be a brilliant game. have been very impressed with the south african teams.
in spite of many bowling options kkr bowling looking a bit ineffective. need to look at 1st 6 overs.abdullah may create greater impact later
thanks #cognizant for hosting our presentation today. had a lovely time. made me feel optimistic.
cognizant
on http://t.co/UTX8Z0bP anita has written of what corporate heads say they learnt from sport.what did you learn?why don't you tell us there?
feel for davy jacobs. lovely man. injured during the ipl and now out of the champions league.
and that is now two games in two that malinga has played a crucial role with the bat. but mumbai indians look very brittle.
in a game of many turning points i still believe lendl simmons' schoolboy error was the biggest one.
maybe ganga feared that bringing the field in to cut the single might result in a slog going over. still had a run to play with.
wonder about ganga's decision to have the field back with 1 to tie and 2 to win; confirmed he was playing for a super over.
two sides that batted badly gave us a thriller today in bengaluru. felt for trinidad and tobago in the end
here's another among many @cricketwallah:  dil ka bhanwar  kare pukar, pyaar ka raag suno.....
but @rimi2983 he won't make money unless people buy it.that is a stronger form of protest if you must
@606v2Cricket fair enough. but saw glimpses of that in england with the others too.
when the ball stops and turns,england are vulnerable. the west indies seem to have highlighted what some of us thought.
@peterawalsh oh dear, can i ask that my visa be rejected?
with a club side players get to play bigger roles than they do in the national team. and you can see some of them revel in it
i would like to see kieron pollard bat at no 4 for mi today. sometimes with greater responsibility comes better performance
delighted to see how somerset played. sometimes when the lead players are away the others rise to the occasion and play together.
@peterawalsh indeed. and in a sober blue shirt!
i must confess i am a little concerned by this great urge to be offended; we almost seem to wait for it. it's not a sign of a proud culture
shoaib is not a saint, indeed he's done some fairly disagreeable things, but he's entitled to a point of view.
you can disagree with shoaib but to seek to gag him and cancel venues for his launch is further proof of our growing intolerance.
disappointing that the bcci should ask for an apology from shoaib. it's a free world and people are entitled to their point of view.
and good to see manmohan singh speak of the danger of countries using force to instal governments of choice in other countries
on another note, can anyone explain what it is with road rage and delhi? shooting a poor toll collector? where do they get the guns from?
know yusuf injured a bit but if fit to field, fit to bowl?
didn't watch every ball but why didn't gambhir bowl yusuf?
watching teams like somerset and t&amp;t is such a joy. and see what the warriors did. they deserve a stage too.
if someone can tell me how roloef van der merwe is not a regular in south africa's limited overs side, i would love to listen.
have just done my castrolcricket.com blog on why i like the champions league. love seeing underdogs get a stage
a day and a half at home recovering from exhaustion; pampered by wife (what would we do without them?).now to bengaluru for tomorrow's game
excellent from @gauravCNNIBN  http://t.co/PRQfSKfC
on a recommendation from @vikramsathaye discovered &quot;pyaar ka pehla khat likhne me waqt to lagta hai....&quot; will listen to it as i go to bed.
this is really bad news about jagjit singh. remember from time i heard &quot;duniya jise kehta hain jadoo ka khilona hai...&quot;
what a side england put out for the t20 international! threw young lions in and see how they responded. that's the way to go.
enjoyed watching ashwell prince play. another who seems to have now made the transition from first class cricket to t20 cricket
what a way to start #clt20. brilliant cricket match and great skill on display.
clt20
from @sardesairajdeep sathe, gadgil, limaye, dandavate: what a foursome! they've passed away, and i have grown old and grey. gnight.
latest article http://t.co/kToguQ4K  now off to see if warriors can get this score. on air last 5 overs
@ayanoranje where did you watch it? would have liked to myself.
@paritoshZero on the main road (royal mile?) there is a whisky tour. as you can imagine i missed it but you might enjoy it!!
and so with a heavy heart to bed in thiruvananthapuram. hosting a game tomorrow in bengaluru.
tiger says: i lost sight in an eye but didn't lose sight of my ambition
excellent interview of tiger pataudi with karan thapar on at the moment on cnn-ibn
sharmila tagore, saif, soha, saba. he was a great man.
the most difficult harsha on-line i did. i was tongue tied and in awe. went to watch the moin-ud-daulah only to be able to see him.
i hope he is never measured by his numbers. he transcended them. he was a cricketer but he was much more. a great leader of men
a man of great dignity, class and a great sense of humour. he was a giant as a cricketer never once drawing attention to the loss of an eye
when your first hero passes away, it is a very deep blow. first time choked on my words on ibn7.
what kind of macabre party is He organising taking away the most joyous of our men. shammi kapoor now tiger pataudi
will miss clt20 opening ceremony. alan wilkins hosts that. he's excellent and far better at it
hi guys @rcbandroyalfans weaned on hindi music means no idea of flo rida or jay sean  or ludacris. guess loss mine!
yes indeed dalchini is cinnamon. and maybe i should have spelt it &quot;kaadha&quot; as it is pronounced in marathi.
&quot;kadha&quot; is hot water with cardamom, cloves, peppers, ginger, lemon, honey and dalchini (what's that in english?)
excellent lounge with wi-fi means i could do my weekly article &amp; send it off. the kindly people here even made an impromtu &quot;kadha&quot; for me!
in a kingfisher lounge at bengaluru airport thanks to the uttery helpful jayanti prased. on way to trivandrum to meet people from hp
@swapanseth that was quick....but way off the mark!! great catching up.
three days in hyderabad gone like that! no time to savour familiar places, no time to meet old friends...worth it?
loved the fight in roloef van der merwe. and what a catch! fantastic spirit from somerset.
remember saying during the auction that ryan ten doeschate was a great pick. what a fine player, such a cool head.
what a strange moment. the team that won was happy,the team that lost was happier!!delighted for kkr though, their's has been a soap opera
@ShwetaKartik ah shweta, didn't miss the &quot;we&quot;!! underdogs only because of the many who weren't there.
@onlymakarand and how did you arrive at that conclusion makarand? about the soul &amp; money? maybe i do like it you know!
from @AnupamPkher lockerz.com/s/138380260. two stars in the photograph...any clue on who the photographer is?
watching cnn-ibn as i go to bed. very proud of the work our army is doing in sikkim.
@paritoshZero at the time actually liked &quot;mere sapnon ki rani&quot; better. now love sd's &quot;safal hogi teri aradhana&quot;. find his voice haunting
auckland captain faced with a captain's dilemna. bowl the best bowler in the 19th and close game or give him the the 20th to defend?
the reason i like the champions league is that it allows players who wouldn't otherwise get a chance to play on the big stage
isn't it a great story? snell the third wicket keeper for somerset gets man of the match on a big stage.
heartbreaking for auckland aces. but have to finish games. just didn't get enough runs on the board.
people asking about promoting #clt20. part of my commitment as a commentator for the series. apparently got some good tweets too.
clt20
@jigarnaik indeed, good meeting you. thought foxes could have done with an off spinner!!
@SWAPNILM011 @bomanirani what a terrible thing to say swapnil. recommend a nice english word for you: dignity.
@whyteknightt absolutely. by the way, my knowledge isn't anywhere near &quot;freakish&quot;....
and while i am sheepish answer i was trying to get at was: movie: goodbye mr chips. @bomanirani sold chips before becoming an actor!!
oops, someone said my knowledge of movies was &quot;freakish&quot;...and i've made a mistake!! i meant peter o'toole not sidney poitier!!
ok one from me; long shot maybe...connect @bomanirani with sidney poitier......
@SANJAYMANJREKAR maybe you should watch irrationally sometimes....great fun....wear a different hat!
@bomanirani really enjoying these quizzes....family connections run deep in the film industry....
@bomanirani khwaja ahmad abbas? through his mother? just guessing?
pity. looks like rain in kolkata is going to prevent the city from hosting champions league games. was so looking forward to being there
http://t.co/eaJNo0xX  on our facebook page: anita's post on what corporate heads in india learnt from sport.
sure @DilipRamesh1 i would love to be questioned on my preparedness!
yes i do get tired sometimes.i struggled in the 1st session of the 1st game with so much happening.takes time,even for commentators to adapt
for all those asking, i love test cricket and i enjoy t20 cricket..it doesn't have to be one or the other. loved today's cricket match
this will be an excellent side with another batsman in the top order. guess that will happen when haddin returns but bisla hard to dislodge
kkr benefitted from extraordinary options in bowling.4 spin/slow bowlers and if quick surface; lee, unadkat,kallis,ten doeschate.
for those kkr fans complaining about the interruption there was a problem with the power. lucky to get something going for the last ball.
what an excellent cricket match we had this evening. well done kkr for defending, or more specifically for believing you could defend, 121
@bomanirani and did he learn how to creep up to extra cover at hindu gymkhana to take photographs!!
@paritoshZero zindagi bhar nahi bhoolegi woh barsaat ki raat. actually the entire album is sensational!
@jimmaxcricket no they wouldn't jim...no huge tv rights deals there! but looking forward to the champions league actually.
@jimmaxcricket your guys (nsw blues) are in the main draw. but lee and haddin playing elsewhere!
these exhaustive rankings, and break up across categories, allow some dubious b-schools an advertising platform.
on the flight read of another b-school ranking with lots of ads from less than good institutes. ranking important or ads that come with it?
saw a mammoth telugu poster proclaiming the film had done 25-50 days! how far back was it when films celebrated 25 or 50 weeks?
in my hotel room in hyderabad looking out onto the hussainsagar lake. hopefully good matches today in the champions league
http://t.co/nSkQAssN  final step out with harsha video on the england tour.
@TheCricketGeek thanks peter...hope it goes well for you...you are doing a great job for the kids
@bomanirani hi boman quick one! randhir kapoor,premnath,raj kapoor...not dharam karam? (was premnath in it?)
funny how there is always more to pack than you think! it was fun carrying on this dialogue from england. now back home!
quick nap and getting ready to make the two and a half hour (hopefully!) trip to heathrow and back home.
wasn't it beautiful that jonathan trott took off his cap before shaking hands with dravid? to me that is what cricket is all about.
but the moment of the day for me was when the entire england team ran over to shake hands with rahul dravid. that is real respect.
if ever it needed to be proved it is here. batting teams set up matches, bowling teams win them. india had enough runs at cardiff
so it's all over.never imagined india would do a full tour of england &amp; not win a single game. wonder what kind of post mortem will be done!
and on that note off to the cricket ground. my first here in cardiff. hope it is a good game.
had popped out to record time out with sanjay manjrekar and andrew miller.suddenly grown cold here.
@prempanicker you must have 36 hours in a day! why would you know of the existence of this story!!!
thoughts too with naureen...knew her well.. as a quiet, slightly shy person. hope she is well and strong.
when i wrote azhar's bio in '94 i wanted to call it &quot;a child of destiny&quot;. incredible,the paths destiny has taken him on...sharing his grief
....and memories of the azhar i knew when he was 19. it is an age to begin life not to end it.
so many memories this morning of when i was 19, more recently of when my older son was 19.....the grief is unimaginable
http://t.co/J3rVBQST  latest article on indian express / cricinfo.
there are some tough telugu teachers on this forum!! looking forward to a nice game tomorrow.
@sandy14b will struggle sandeep since i have the champions league to do as soon as i get back. and many corporate commitments after that
ee telugunagari nunchi mi andariki shubharatri. mari repu kalustam!
might need to teach alan wilkins some telugu (not telegu guys!!). if he returns from singapore to wales, he might need to learn it!
tired and lonely now. hotel rooms aren't always the most exciting. and your own company isn't always the best.
heard more telugu than i would in hyderabad. there had to be a software company around. there was...tcs!
cardiff has formally been taken over! more indians per square foot here than anywhere else!
http://t.co/n9JAD4MQ from @gauravCNNIBN.
short take on castrolcricket.com on rotation of players and need for ipl to be part of schedule not an add on:  http://t.co/bkLrRejq
hey @vasanthsundar there is no money in hockey because sponsors don't want to have anything to do with these administrators!!
@sapan0001 and thanks too swapnil. pleasure meeting you.
my point is not restricted to the 25k alone. if you look after the players you shouldn't have to worry about these cash awards.
that is why i maintain that the only way ahead for indian sport is to rescue it from the cruel clutches of our federations
i have long maintained that nobody could have destroyed indian hockey with the precision with which the administrators have done
if hockey india cannot monetise the popularity of indian hockey, and have only 25k to offer, maybe they should find someone who can.
yes @rathod_hiren the premier hockey league was an excellent tournament, ahead of its time, but no one wanted to deal with hockey officials
http://t.co/tUc0Uon  odi team of the year based on the castrol index. agree?
@meljones_33 indeed! definitely with the abc...most likely with television as well.
from @gauravCNNIBN: Latest report on azhar's son released at 5pm: remains on ventilator, docs use words like 'grave concern' &amp; 'critical'
@SnehaRajani @mandybedi @vikramsathaye ahem!! i thought you watched the tennis!!
from @vikramsathaye: I think Miss Universe the crown is invalid coz u haven't even given Miss Mars and Miss Saturn chance to compete:
i don't know if there are other issues but would have been good to see the cricket team there.
this needs an explanation. icc says indians invited well in advance. other reports say didn't receive invitation. who goofed?
@meljones_33 hi melanie, just saw your tweet. you well? cheers
still gripped by yesterday's final. some of those rallies were unbelievable. what extraordinary ability and fitness!
@anilja   part of the job! tremlett is a big fellow and guess that is inevitable though some think bowlers need to bowl more than train!
thanks @shreeni well caught! indeed dharamsala is among the 2-3 prettiest grounds i have seen
more viewer questions answered on my video blog. cheers! http://t.co/gVRN9wO
ref the sky sports presenter tweet,do some of us sound like that too? but doubtlessly you will let us know!!
dear oh dear...sky sports presenter's 2'nd question after nadal vs djokovic epic: so what does this mean to andy murray!!!!!
such supreme skill, such supreme athletes. but eventually the human body has to give.
if nadal wins from here will start believing in miracles!
better player versus better trier? tennis fans, what do you think?
nadal looking fitter.haven't watched these 2 as much as some others but it is looking more &amp; more like nadal. djokovic needs a great start
this is a boxing match with rackets instead of gloves
djokovic body language down? or just a mannerism?
no @sid119 not on anyone's side. just enjoying as it unfolds. now if federer was playing........
from @bhogle Finally heard from Jayadevan ... the VJD par score was 272. So India would've won by 2 runs had England been 270/8
hey @pranaavj , don't take commentators that seriously!!
is there anything nadal can't return? what a point!!
one day djokovic will look back at the tennis he has played this year, and here today, and think he's done okay in life!!
what's with holding serve here? bad serving? great returns? very unusual.
@jimmaxcricket not sure the ganguly account you are following is original!!
@jimmaxcricket wow, jim, you must be the world's most prolific tweeter!! couple of days in london then off to cardiff.
@sidvee well done with the piece on federer and nadal. very impressed with your growth as a writer
afraid @SCGanguly_FC , that is not true. by my quick calculation i had done 20 test matches before england 96 in a commentary box.
must confess i enjoyed reading this! http://t.co/HxljQC3
hi @R_Harshita had tweeted about the reason, the information i got etc. maybe you missed it.
hi darius @DEArdeshir  didn't mean great sportsmen...just you and me and the likes who enjoy sport but need to find a profession!!
haven't been able to see it here in england @meenay , only seeing scorecards. tweeted about father and son marsh!
absolutely @nimeshanand passion and valour. but not pettiness and loose talk
of course @ritasnatter there should be emotion and rivalry. must want to win...but don't like bitterness afterwards
hi @johncharlesblog not against rivalry. against keeping things festering after the game is done
good tweet from @SANJAYMANJREKAR. play sport, study hard, open your mind. keeps you away from a lot of nonsense that is supposed to be cool.
sport is a great exhibition of emotion. but it ends there. cannot breed anger, division....don't understand anymore this &quot;us &amp; them&quot; thing!
one of the reasons i enjoy cricket so greatly is that i look upon it as a game, revel in it &amp; move on.
got this courtesy @prempanicker from david halberstam. es.pn/oQXe0T agree completely. in our context, cricket only a game, nothing more.
from@bhogle: That's why fact that Bopara failed to score runs off ball 48,5 mattered more than wicket loss,should just have taken a single.
from @bhogle: Even after 2 wickets fell,D/L par score rose negligibly. Towards end 'balls remaining' matter much more than 'wickets lost'.
from @bhogle So was D/L scrupulously fair last night? It did reasonably well, but didn't factor in the powerplay effect. Because it can't!
@sharans  and did he!!!
http://t.co/FRAhFGB some of your questions answered on my video blog. cheers!
http://t.co/a6ogqjj  latest video post on the winning way facebook page on teams treating players like they would brands.
feel sorry for india's hockey players for the terrible administration they have to put up with. still so many gifted players.
was at the game so only just got the news of india's win at the asian hockey championship. brilliant. need to ignite that talent.
however apart from ashwin, and to some extent jadeja, the ipl hasn't thrown up an exciting bowling option.
agree with people talking about powerplays and better bats and greater aggression..but the ipl has changed perceptions of what is possible
@thecricketcouch agree. but the ipl has changed perceptions of what is possible.
ashwin was excellent again...but jadeja needs to get his game working at the same level under pressure as otherwise.
@GlennMilne will be there for boxing day!! tough to stir nice guys though!!
very happy for raina. over 50 overs he just looks and plays differently. brilliant in the field, happy to bowl anytime and well...can bat!!
approx rule of thumb is that you double score after 30 overs. india were 121-4 after 30, finished with 280. i think that is the ipl effect
excellent cricket match. what drama with the rain. made people think even more than normal. good fight back by india
@Aggerscricket reason was as soon as ball no 48.5 was bowled, the d/l score changed to that after 49. but of course 48.6 was never bowled!
my news was from a close friend.apparently both had lost pulse and bp. sadly azhar's newphew is dead; trying to revive son. hope....
in a heavy mood, off to lords for the odi.
...just like that...gone....in the prime of youth...
in agony this morning. just heard from my old friend imtiaz that azhar's son and nephew passed away in an accident.
@paritoshZero no crab, just chilly in london!
@NikhilTatwawadi masta hoti. thank you very much
yes @vihagsharma found lot of similarities between his profession and mine. especially with respect to attitude towards the job
yes,@thecricketcouch i indeed do. maybe when i am a little freer after this tour?
indeed @shyam__bala that is often the case...not just players, everyone. speaking for myself, am best when work ethic strong.
convinces me that the work ethic of successful people needs to be told. maybe a television series on that at some point?
so a brilliant morning so far. kapil dev dropped in at breakfast with some common friends...fantastic to listen to him talk bowling!
sunandan lele brought some puranachi poli over. ignoring the calories for now....will try and walk them off later. for now, enjoying!!
wonderful conversation on bowling and fast bowlers with kapil dev who dropped into our box briefly last evening.
when jadeja gets him game together he represents a very attractive package for india. he is the closest we have to an all rounder.
anderson showed just why he is among the best in the world. that opening spell made him a reasonable candidate for man of the match.
when the ball turns a bit england's batting doesn't look so good. young guns at sea: kieswetter, bresnan, stokes...
for the first time on tour, india looked good in the field. kohli,raina,jadeja, rahane. nice. but surely munaf must show some life.
india had their moments today. but that start was eventually impossible to overcome.so many matches won/lost by how the new ball is handled
@paritoshZero nahi. back on 17th night. in hyderabad on 21st!
quick one. look at this when you can.  http://t.co/6pd3gPA
@hotncool_vamsi auna! yem chapparu?
getting ready for the game, seems decent weather. meanwhile what did you guys think of this? http://t.co/ysvpcR7
&quot;When they take their tops off you can see they've barely started puberty.&quot; the very funny Graeme Swann on his England one-day team mates
some people are rightly complaining that i don't reply to followers. now how do i put this....there are a few and it is not easy.
on way back to london,chanced upon jaane kya dhoondhti hain from shola aur shabnam.&quot;raakh ke dher me shola hai na chingari hai&quot; appropriate?
and listening to @SrBachchan singing neela aasman so gaya...is there anything he can't do? and how good were shiv-hari!
just back after shooting my samsonite blog (step out with harsha). probably the last one in a park in england!!
http://t.co/paj99Xd  excellent story from the independent about a footballer who went to war.
@OsmanSamiuddin welcome. hope all well. miss the by-line in cricinfo!
reading the marsh/marsh bit reminded me of my dad who used to drop me to the ground when i was doing commentary for ranji trophy games
what a beautiful moment in pallekeke: geoff marsh presenting a test cap to son shaun. must have dreamt of this for years.
yes @bs_aditya i completely agree.
events like these reinforce the fact that cricket is but a sport. there are deeper sadder issue to address.
woke up to the terrible news of the blast in delhi and read statements full of nothingness....reality of our times?
back to london this morning. meanwhile beautiful day at southampton! wonder where india are going to squeeze a win from
@SnehaRajani share your anguish. hope they make some progress. can't steal your friends though.
i think india's best chance of winning a game is to field first and try and chase down whatever is put up against them.
and the ground itself. we have now reached a stage where it doesn't matter how much it has rained. just drains off. brilliant.
the real stars of this game were the spectators; stayed through the rain and the biting cold. hats off to you guys.
irrespective of whether it is cold or warm, india have to sound an emergency alert for bowlers! no score seems enough.
that has to be among the coldest days i have been at a cricket match!! and to be fair, not one of us thought there would be play.
importance of domestic cricket for youngsters and about the DRS in the latest post on castrolcricket.com   http://t.co/RFHlPEx
okay, leaving for the ground. still strong wind, cars driving with wipers on. fingers crossed.
game starts at 1400 local time,ends 2145 can make up an hour (i think) so 2245.need 40 overs so about 3 hrs.can start upto 1945.lots of time
doesn't matter what the weather is outside. a quick shower and off to the game! still very windy and a drizzle.
i don't know how well this ground drains. but it has taken some rain! no flights or ferries so far today in southampton.
saw manoj tiwary in the lobby just now. clearly he had a visa!! india might play him, if there is play!!
and the trees, depending on preferred description, either swaying delightfully or bowing and bending helplessly
this forecast of clear skies by late afternoon better be right.pouring outside my window with thick heavy clouds as far as i can see!
am done with retweets! cannot accept someone else's tweet going under my name.
@Aggerscricket hi aggers, the reality of our times. just leave them outside the off stump like you famously did with bat in hand!
guys....when i retweet something, it is not mine!! if you retweet it further please continue with the original link.
you know you are moving on in life when you and your colleagues have to refer to urban dictionary to search for meanings of words!!
funnily @hameeduddin i enjoyed the bhupen hazarika version of dil hum hum kare almost as much. lata mangeshkar was just so perfect in it.
heard another classic...man kyon behka from utsav. lata mangeshkar and asha bhosle in a rare duet
has there been a more haunting, more mysterious voice than chitra singh doing manzil na de....? geeta dutt?
on my ipod yesterday. manzil na de, chiragh na de, hausla to de...... great lyrics
@SachinKalbag yes i saw that and have already thanked clayton. thanks too. cheers. harsha
yes @PrashankRai i read every mention. benefit from reading different points of view, some of them the best argued!
on the winning way face book page, anita talks of putting the team before self.  http://t.co/FDhaQ5C
a little story about the spooky lumley castle at durham on my video blog http://t.co/0JAJi3k
delighted to hear that tiger pataudi is better. http://t.co/vSB6u3J. am a complete fan!
luckily could speak to the highly regarded clayton murzello at mid-day. else would have gone unclarified, people would have believed it.
what the sub at mid-day did was not a mistake but a professional crime. the truth must have seemed so inconsequential, trivial.
looking forward to seeing an apology and a clarification from mid-day. sub-editor carried a photograph and a quote that was totally made up!
wonderful meal at kuti's in southampton.thai restaurant owned by a bangladeshi,managers pakistani &amp; thai, staff from mumbai,agra &amp; orissa!
manoj tiwary is the right choice now. played in australia. being match fit so important as rahane has shown.
hopefully gambhir will now get the medical attention he needs. should never have kept him back for so long.
if our generation in the media doesn't set standards of objectivity and balance, who will show the way to the next generation?
i fear for the day when accuracy becomes a burden in the news. already seeing it with a generation of young journalists.
with the power of being in the media comes a huge responsibility. being objective and balanced is mandatory not optional.
increasingly concerned by the intolerance in mainstream media &amp; broadcast journalism.far too provocative and losing sense of responsibility
at last in southampton after a botched journey around england! bright and sunny. hopefully it will stay that way.
@Kapstif there was no edge!!
@Kapstif because richard, irrespective of that hot spot has had a bad tour.
good to hear from the solid and courteous clayton murzello of mid-day about my quote in mid-day which a sub-editor dreamt up.
@PatSymcox77 wilco says wales will kick butt. be prepared patrick!
@PatSymcox77 on a train from durham to london. wilco says ou gan dit. respectable?
PP Ojha &#9;16.3-10-8-6 pragyan ojha for surrey!!
http://t.co/syXDoLk  this is the link to the home page. will be updating periodically with learnings from sport for managers
http://t.co/SguIhIw  so what did you guys think of this?
if a replacement has to be named for rohit, i hope it is done by tomorrow morning. cannot have the gambhir situation again.
but much to be pleased about for india; parthiv patel looked very impressive, so did ajinkya rahane. and praveen kumar just gets better
there is also the possibility though, that hot spot was right and that the sound came from somewhere else. in all, it was a poor verdict.
hot spot has had a terrible tour so far. did not show any evidence of a nick for dravid. so will the presence of a spot also be ignored?
dhoni says dravid said he did not edge it. that should be good enough now for everybody. drs has had a very bad week.
hopefully a good contest &amp; good weather today. very nice setting and hope to have a lot of fun.
off shortly to chester le street.our secluded hotel doesn't start breakfast till after i've left. so a quick stop to grab a sandwich.....
hi @avinashbr i have been called worse! it is always better to silence people with performance than by being indignant and losing it.
http://t.co/mT2zXl5  latest samsonite blog from durham
http://t.co/8ZCLekr  latest piece on cricinfo / indian express. cheers
i think the context is critical. let's stop being over the top. we needn't be so insecure.
...cultures versus the more kindly bandar in hindi. sorry but i am going to stand up for nasser here.
atherton referred to cook as a donkey in the field too. it means slow and is not meant to be derogatory. a bit like &quot;monkey&quot; in some (cont)
you don't always recollect what happens in a commentary box but i think there is a big cultural difference. in england it is not rude (cont)
finally connected. staying in the middle of nowhere in darlington for some weird reason. yes, was on air with nasser in the first 5 overs
&quot;Times now is asking now, why did Harsha Bhogle stay quiet when nasser hussein made the &quot;donkey&quot; comment!!&quot; they have my no!!
apart from sriram also read the great bong (link courtesy @prempanicker). interesting that so many fine writers aren't in mainstream media?
http://t.co/eSpgvKA in case some of you haven't been introduced to him here's a fine writer.
sent article, read about football transfers, now quick shower, pack, breakfast and off to durham. see you from there. cheers
my father wasn't a believer but for my mother's sake would do the puja,ai would sing the aarti &amp; we had khirapad.love over personal belief.
isn't it a strength of our society that id and ganpati can follow in such quick succession and be celebrated equally warmly?
Happy Ganesh Chaturthi to all of you. Ganpati Bappa Morya!
@sidvee what to do siddharth. it still has to be the best you can do in the situation. cheers.
didn't realise someone had put this on. http://t.co/6Sr72LS with mick jagger and ar rahman.
ahh,done. must read it again in the morning before packing and heading off to the station to catch a train to durham.
getting to midnight and have an article to write. feels like a college assignment that will be graded.
@deepaknarayan thanks a lot. heard that what was said was completely unacceptable so wanted to check out what was written.
@deepaknarayan can't access it. not the one pound but just the pain of doing it. any idea how i can read it. have a strong point of view
some talk around about an article michael atherton wrote about paul nixon sledging young buttler. anyone read it, have a link to share?
india lost wickets in bunches. but who's to say england wouldn't have batted differently if they had 180 to get!
very impressed with rahane. as much for the innings as for seizing an improbable opportunity. luck is about being ready!
http://t.co/SguIhIw new video post on the winning way facebook page; about why we all need to go back to school sometimes.
is parthiv patel and rahul dravid the best possible opening combination india can put on the park in t20 cricket? oh dear!
cannot understand why rahul dravid is being asked to play the t20 international. need to show more faith in tomorrow's cricketers.
afraid this action has made the sports federations stronger. funny they aren't as committed to indian sport as they are to non-interference.
govt officials in individual capacity want to run sport. but don't want govt to be involved. too cozy.
if sports federations want money from the govt, they have to be answerable to govt policy. in any case their track record is abysmal.
i think though that india should have sent out 2-3 players specifically for the t20 game. not important enough?
also, good to know that someone realised that gambhir was unwell. a replacement should have been sent out during the last test!
wow, @enigma15in @TheRahulMehra you know it all don't you? any thought i might have been on a flight and missed it?
reason jadeja was picked for gambhir was the sudden, and incredible, realisation that in the odi squad no batsman bowls and no bowler bats!
oops, bored and sitting in a lounge. didn't realise was flooding your timeline. sorry. cheers.
england pahunchte pahunchte yahan subah ho gayi hogi. aap sabko id mubarak.
@rajesh_ahuja_NJ lotan miya...kaise hain aap?
hoping to catch dhobi ghat on the flight. good?
remembering my old friend noel de lima leitao today. he would have loved to be in kolkata to watch messi and argentina play
oops,kochi airport problem means our flight delayed because of connecting passengers. looks like a very late arrival in manchester tonight
@SnehaRajani @minacricket  methinks you ladies are way too kind! http://t.co/8UCOYF3
@THAJUDDEEN17 id aaj hai ke kal?
so back to england this morning. hopefully will see some good cricket. cheers.
@soulrayder @bhogle has written many excellent pieces on this theme. at castrolcricket.com and rediff.com
oops, @Raja2  absolutely! am i getting the dreaded twitter grammar syndrome?
for those interested in science and its use in rural development: http://t.co/pFRz2aH
hi @nravs, i messaged my brother @bhogle before the game asking him to be brave. love his banter with united fans. all in good spirit!
everyday i meet, or think about, someone who's life tells me i'm privileged. maybe people look at me and feel the same way!
this is what mumbai has shown me; take life as it comes and move on. hyderabad was so different.
gloomy day today. thinking of all the people who have to take trains back;travel a long way to get home. then get started again tomorrow!
seriously raining in mumbai. had to cancel long awaited coffee session with @vikramsathaye and @gauravkapur. trying to bond with new gen!!
so ishant sharma needs ankle surgery too. but will wait till end of australia tour since it will keep him out for 6-8 months!
shouldn't be so. @HSKurup, depends on when he is fit. if 3 weeks rest makes him fit he should play kkr.if 1 week enough,play last 3 odis
@PatSymcox77 that means you were up at 0525! lots of houses to sell?
back to england tomorrow. hopefully it isn't raining as much as it is here in mumbai where it hasn't stopped for a few days now!
http://t.co/JuzVSfl quite enjoyed hosting this chat.
@vishnu_vst just waiting for the publisher to send them across so we can sign them. hope they send it today.
@gauravkapur @SnehaRajani thank god i'm not the &quot;expert&quot; lifeline!
india should be certain gambhir is absolutely fit to play at least 3 odis. else may not be a bad idea to send out manoj tiwary or y pathan
so looks like gambhir won't be fit in time for the t20. might actually be a batsman short. should contemplate a replacement.
good to watch afridi again. cannot believe that pakistan can do without him. surely this is what managing players is about.
http://t.co/uYbcWIx  do you agree with this assessment of the best test players from a fine young writer?
impressed with young joss buttler. will see him in the t20 game. another good sign for england; level of fielding was outstanding
saw the friends t20 final in england. young batsmen struggle to play the turning ball much the same as our young men struggle wtih bounce
http://t.co/sX44lhh  very interesting article on implications of letting players become free agents
hi @sus_him he's still the same guy, as far as i know!!
dear @Thecorruptorr , was in england with only occasional access to ndtv. not a fan of making statements if i don't know enough.
people have united in the campaign against corruption. now let us promise to fight corruption!
good to see a people's movement forcing parliament to take a stand. eventually parliament has to be by the people for the people.
parliamentarians patting themselves on the back for being mature &amp; putting india first.. isn't that what they are meant to do?
tried following the anna debates on the news. too many people on it, gave up.
@ramansundar so pollard and gayle have to be available for west indies?
@ramansundar but it also means somerset could be without kieswetter. pollard, trescothick and butler, if picked by england v west indies
wonderful young singers become badly dressed brats, judges over the top and platitudes hollow. what a pity.
was agonised last night to see what they have done to the once innocent and charming sa re ga ma pa little champs
hey @Ashutosh2k my proximity with bcci? now, that's a new one!
@greigtalks what a nice thing to do. you might find a makhaya ntini somewhere there. will also make them feel enabled.
http://t.co/9gzvDqu  latest article for indianexpress / cricinfo. what do you think?
latest video blog on step out with harsha with samsonite. http://t.co/vBdH0yj. others there from england too.including answers to questions
love the six word reports on cricinfo. here's a classic from eldo scaria, uae. &quot;A Tharanga, Eranga, Malinga, Bollinga show&quot;
http://t.co/YyC48hj  very nice from ricky ponting
Cricket for me when growing up meant batting until someone got me out,&amp; if that took them a week then that's how long it took them.(ponting)
sad government is spending time working out modalities of a bill and a fast but no one is talking about corruption which is the main issue
also suspect that many people believe they don't have a say in electing parliamentarians. hence they want reforms outside parliament.
agree that parliament is the place for legislation but haven't most people lost faith in the people that reside there? hence the turmoil.
silence from the cricket establishment though. at least we don't have the &quot;black september&quot; anymore when plotting election wins was the key!
so by now everyone has said why they think india did badly in england. have a column to write today. have some thoughts.
@rjt00 ah, that's why you guys say nice things about me is it? and here i was thinking it was true!! lol!!
@HazeCricket @PatSymcox77 two of you playing with fire?
@vikramsathaye @gauravkapur @nikhilchinapa jealous! seriously.
http://t.co/onX9xPr.@cricketwallah's interview with rahul dravid. you understand that it is the person that makes the performer
@gauravCNNIBN how can i retweet something like that? won't it make me look pompous?
http://t.co/kRHZ49C  from my friend kn vaidyanathan....enjoy.
for those who thought india's luck would change since i am back in india, bad news! i go back on the 30th for the odis &amp; the t20 game!!!
no @iamankush01 have very long days. read upto half an hour every morning &amp; about an hour on non-match days. have almost 12 hour days.
why @ranendas do you like grumpy, angry words for what is essentially a beautiful sport?
@aparna_jain of course. but there was only a little credit at the end.
have said most of what i wanted to on cnn-ibn's news programme &amp; on the latest step out with harsha video blog that will be uploaded soon
enjoyed london but feels good to be back in mumbai. a lovely afternoon nap beckons. was there some cricket recently???
saw no one killed jessica on the flight. vidya balan is always good, so was rani mukherjee.
no tweets yesterday since i was in a hurry to get back to the hotel, pack and reach the airport on time. back in mumbai for a week.
@anadorable and thanks anagha for your help last night.
i think this evening we must applaud england on winning the series for they have played better, tougher cricket. much to learn for india
last day of the test series that promised so much. india might be disappointed but it was eventful. haven't seen england as good as this
@gagdhillon @Aggerscricket that's not true gagan and you know it. poor.
the crowd here in england has been fantastic. genuine lovers of the game and generous to both sides.
oh no, @PrashankRai not for a moment. have never said so even once. how did you arrive at that?
everytime dravid has walked out to bat, always team first, he has risen in my eyes. great to see the standing ovation in the 2nd innings
was a pleasure watching swann bowl today. great decision to give him a hard new ball.
quite apart from the dravid affair found it amazing that england didn't appeal the tendulkar stumping. would have been out.
yes @Kapstif absolutely.but no hot spot was used as evidence of not out.should have been the same2nd time. technology has had a bad series
no @tperacha the people in charge of snicko clearly said that it was inconclusive. that is why the delay in bringing it up.
@Shahryer on field umpire said not out. 3rd umpire over-ruled.
@thecricketcouch what i meant was that you have to assume hotspot works because it works most often. cannot be selective about it
@Hashwanth_A excellent. thanks for that
hope you get my drift. not complaining about the decision but the faulty process which, on another day, could produce a wrong decision.
when hot spot shows a mark will you accept it as evidence? if presence of a mark is evidence, absence of it must be similarly treated
my point is, based on evidence there was no case: no sound at all, no hot spot. on field umpire makes judgement, 3rd umpire reviews evidence
@greigtalks   it is only about the evidence presented. like it is with a judge who may know the truth but has to go by evidence
@greigtalks on the basis of what he saw he could make a wrong decision too. the 3rd umpire has to have definite evidence.
@greigtalks no tony i didn't. once it went to the 3rd umpire had to have conclusive evidence.dravid was out but the path was wrong (cont'd)
on my video blog answering questions: why don't we have an indian coach...places i have loved to visit etc http://t.co/XcKPLlQ
ah, at last some joy. some excellent rasam from sriram aylur's kitchen at quilon. and some avial.
in a career spent watching cricket you see the best of times and the worst of times for a team in six months!!
much as i love watching vvs, and it is one of the joys of the game, he has now played 11 tests in england without a century
dravid batted as well as i have seen him bat. the close-up on him when dhon had just come in was revealing.
as a cricket lover enjoyed watching swann bowl. same track on which mishra got 0-170. our problems looking deeper than we think.
another very long day. another very bad day for india! england just too good.
&quot;in the panel's view fielding standards reflect the attitude and professionalism of the team.'' not rocket science but needs to be said!
more from the oz report: &quot;Normally communication solves most insecurities, and if we achieve that, that will be a huge step forward.''
at the heart of the argus report in australia, apparently, is accountability. that is the engine on which all good corporations run.
anita's new blog on managing success on the winning way facebook page. http://t.co/WIHjIGo
neither lord maclaurin nor don argus are&quot; cricket&quot; people; but they know how to build and run organisations.
the argus review has been commended for &quot;thoroughness and transparency&quot;. now those are nice words to hear. and good ones to adopt!
australia's review places particular emphasis on selectors; spot on. those with the power to drop are the people who can get it right
and the weather forecast i just saw now shows an excellent sunday. england will bat on and hope not to bat again.
what a depressing day's cricket. slow in the field, seemingly waiting for the inevitable. and we need a spinner!
@_fakeiplplayer no problem with your point of view, have always maintained that....cheers.
@tunkuv  indeed it has been. but maybe this will spur people in the bcci to make the changes our game needs!
@K_Akshay will certainly play it to him tomorrow!!
@tunkuv oops did i say that. thought i said : england is really a football nation that plays cricket now.
@_fakeiplplayer sycophancy? guess i made a mistake replying. and in my assessment of you. wish you well.
@_fakeiplplayer you're an intelligent person but because you have to be contrarian &amp; funny doesn't mean you have to be rude &amp; ignorant. sad
cricket australia to make public the entire argus report. now that is respect for the real stakeholders of the game: the public.
happy new year to all our parsi friends. what an incredible community!
http://t.co/cjWS6bx  latest article. tell me what you think. cheers
many people asking me about john dykes. he is @JohnDykesUK.
@JohnDykesUK tweeted about meeting you. you will find it heartwarming to see how much you are still loved by football followers in india
i thought being a young man and having the opportunity of playing for your country would assume you want to be fit and in shape....
very disappointed with india's new ball attack today. sensed an air of inevitability about it.
good to catch up with john dykes after a long time today. seems to be enjoying himself in england doing premiership football
and some of your questions answered on the video blog. http://t.co/38DIjd0
thoughts on india's performance in england on my video blog: step out with harsha.  http://t.co/LGupGfw
i like nasser because he doesn't get jingoistic or disrespectful. on that note, off to get ready for the first day at the oval.
very nice article from one of my favourite cricket analysts nasser hussain on the development of england cricket http://t.co/AicvUOX
@Nairkavita will do gypsy! cheers
meanwhile within three months the winning way is going in for a reprint. and do visit http://t.co/zXesxQi for more.
@mohank i agree but they've done it all along. if we tell them what to do wouldn't we be like them?
if we do not like someone's opinion we have the option of not reading it henceforth. and opinions neither score runs nor take wickets!
many suggesting indian media people should take a stand against english counterparts. disagree. only contest is on the field.
so now we are debating the modalities of anna hazare's fast but not the reason he wants to go on one in the first place!
oops, barack obama says president of the u.s is the best job in the world. and to think that all these years i thought i had the best job!!
hi @neeran  agree with the all lower case bit. my way of being informal. i write blogs in lower case and newspaper articles the normal way
a cafe coffee day drizzle and some great songs from door gagan ki chhaon mein for the morning. it's going to be a good day!
@SMThasleem can you let me know which shop because it is illegal to sell at that price. cover price is rs 200
@IMBUBUI oops not from me. not fair. only retweeted.
today i will also be replying to viewer questions on step out with harsha. should be up in a day or two. why don't you guys send some too?
@QuentinHull hi quentin, all well i trust?
http://t.co/XcKPLlQ  latest video blog on india in england up now.
@narayanisms i don't have a bcci contract!
sometimes our tv debates are like multi starrer movies. there is not enough of anyone! would prefer 3 or 4 people and a reasoned debate
tried to follow a debate on ndtv on the anna vs congress issue. but each speaker got about 20 secs at a time and there were too many of them
hi @gpalkar good one!! i meant the australian broadcasting corporation, not australian cricket board!! anyway they are now cricket australia
hi @arghyalahiri, not sure i should be revealing this!! my first test was against england in mumbai in 1984. for doordarshan.
i know it's still a long time away but the abc have asked if i will join them when india are in australia .needless to say i have said yes!
thanks a lot for all the messages about the hundredth test. meant a lot to me.
@SnehaRajani what a pity...missing it. sure it was brilliant....must catch an episode when i am home between the tests and one-dayers
sorry but allow me a little family pride. my sister, winner of the green oscar...quietly doing substantial things:  http://t.co/vEi0S1l
asked to make an entry in the visitors book at rhodes house. overjoyed and humbled to see another entry: mk gandhi, porbandar, india, 1932.
excellent day spent with young students at oxford. what a place! to see institutions built many hundred years ago...
http://t.co/mTKpUp0  on commentary in test cricket
oops, earlier tweet should have said :  to neither accept nor offer bribes!!
i can now say that the edgbaston test was my hundredth. said a quiet thank you to this great game and to those that made it possible for me.
our next battle for independence should be against corruption in public life. can we not pledge today to neither accept nor receive bribes?
we learn from the mistakes of others. i hope the students of today can learn where the absence of integrity can take us.
what better way to celebrate independence day than to speak to bright indian and pakistani students at oxford
as introspection, maybe all those of you who are under 25 and lucky to have grandparents, ask them about india when they were 25.
i believe there is much to be optimistic about with india at 65. it is a great time to be born indian. we have come a very long way.
@madhurajesh indeed she is my elder sister.
we turn 64 today. is the india we will hand over to the 25 year olds vibrant and proud?
shammi kapoor's loss is something to mourn about, not yesterday's result. that's just a game. #shammikapoor
shammikapoor
@quizderek  hope it is going well with you. take care. cheers
@quizderek @twirus_india @shreyaghoshal @SunidhiChauhan5 @sonamakapoor  counting yourself as two then, derek!!!
so full of life, joie de vivre...only met him once but thought he was part of my life....heavy heart today. #shammikapoor
shammikapoor
just heard the sad news about shammi kapoor passing away. will mourn today. was a huge huge fan. brought so much joy and laughter to us.
saw sourav's video reaction to vaughan's comment. but haven't seen vaughan say anythng about test status. even his tweet says that.
@thecricketcouch agree, it isn't the only factor but it is a substantial one.concede too much too early otherwise..even in south africa
@RudraPintu england played better and deserved to win but bit hard to say we deserve to lose at the oval even before that begins!
by the way have some of you seen the itinerary for australia in december? one 4 day game then 4 back to back tests.
@naveengmc dhanyavadaalu...mari kalustam!
must confess have never understood this &quot;playing for pride&quot; concept. does it mean you don't play for pride at other times?
out of the shambles of melbourne &amp; sydney came perth &amp; that took indian cricket ahead. it's a bad loss but it's not the end of the world
i can understand fans being angry, dejected, disillusioned. but the cricketers cannot think that way. they must look ahead; else 4-0
india played badly but it would be ungracious to ignore the fact that this england side is playing excellent cricket.
india's cricketers have to believe that the series is over, done and dusted, and that the oval is a one-off test.
heartily recommend asha's in birmingham. didn't know that gulkand icecream existed...didn't  mind adding to the calories.
hi @varundev11 am in oxford on monday speaking to students. looking forward to it.
early finish in birmingham. using the opportunity to visit @ashabhosle's restaurant here. hopefully good evening. mind off cricket!!
@gauravkapur certainly. meanwhile sunny day outside my window as i get ready to leave. 12 hour days take a lot out of you!
thanks for all your comments and views. something to think about as i get ready for another day at the cricket.
@mohank true but tired of saying that!! i am convinced that once the ranji trophy is changed things will change. domestic cricket too soft
see if this link works. did for me. http://t.co/3ZMsj0n  views welcome.
http://t.co/MdwkRbq the tendulkar of indian sports writing. don't miss.
http://t.co/qYiBAnI  latest article on cricinfo on yuvi, zaheer, bhajji at crossroads and diminishing spin options
@gauravkapur want to swap roles? can guarantee heavy debates on the future of indian cricket in return!
good night. long day again tomorrow. remember it's only a cricket match though. no lives lost, no livelihood stolen. life can be worse
@oartija diplomatic!! thought i was being blunt! cheers.
hi @rito26791 this is my fifth full tour of england and i have never seen them play at this level. this is a seriously good england team
@TimTim1981 yes, they are playing badly but a look at earlier scorecards might be handy
@msmaharajh meera, i am sure they know what to do. sometimes being able to do it is the problem. sure it happens with all of us!
@dbackwardpoint maybe but skill and practice, which this team has, aren't much good without hope and belief
@TimTim1981 you've been listening to the wrong people tim! the icc rankings may have limitations but no 1 isn't presented on a platter
many people asking if this is the worst i have seen from an indian touring side. will answer that after the oval test!
in the winning way we talk about one percenters. the turning point in this series was the fitness of two key bowlers
re: rain. it doesn't matter what the forecast is. if a match has to be saved it has to be done on the field.
at all times hope and belief are your strongest weapons. not sure india can find those at the moment.
i fear that india have reached a stage where they don't believe they can win. that is when a match is lost.
india had their moments in the first two tests; grabbing those would have made a difference. they didn't. playing catch up since
@StewieCricket it was really nice! a welcome diversion from what i have had to talk about for a while!!
latest video blog. thoughts on the one-day team and the curious case of rahul dravid. feedback welcome! http://t.co/Wi3rDDt
@venkatananth just a quick one to acknowledge that i have indeed read your thoughts. but rushing off for another day at the cricket
thanks for the response. found my way around. now to write the friday piece for indian express/cricinfo. then a blog, then some sleep!!
@vishakhagokhale haha! was looking for specific stats. got them!!
hi @dodiyeah when i retweet, it is not necessarily because i agree but because it is a thought worth debating
any idea where i can find first class records of indian cricketers. can't seem to navigate my way through cricinfo stats
http://t.co/jNg6vXf  on our &quot;winning way&quot; facebook page: anita on body language of dominators
http://t.co/Bk9oyBu  blog with thoughts on sehwag and zaheer
http://t.co/Bk9oyBu  latest video blog  in the step out with harsha series,
ar rahman man of such few words and such wondrous accomplishments. stands out so well in this &quot;fluff&quot; era. someone i always wanted to meet
very unusual lunch time programme today with mick jagger and ar rahman today. must have been the only one there who was a bigger fan of arr!
@gauravkapur very happy you think so. have been asking for alan to do that kind of show for a long time. he's excellent.
the greater worry is not that india only made 224. it is: who is going to take wickets? bowling looking ordinary.
@venkatananth  looking forward to hearing about all those brilliant indian spinners in the ranji trophy.
@prempanicker so dragged you back did i? cheers. just leaving for the ground.
anyone know why @prempanicker silent recently? missing his tweets.
@ruchidaga yes ruchita, was there a few days ago. very impressed.
@satishkutty no, no hotel not under seige. relax.
lunch interval tomorrow (1730 india time) am told that mick jagger and ar rahman will be in our studio.
but pretty safe on the 10th floor of the hotel. ah, there goes another siren...won't be silent tonight
a half hour later the sirens were wailing elsewhere. just wonder if these gangs are playing hide and seek with the police.
quite dramatic to see about 15 police vans suddenly appear on the road opposite our hotel to disperse a crowd that had started to form.
have also recorded a video blog talking about dravid's inclusion in the odi team. should be uploaded soon.
@mukManikarnike i don't know.try writing to theo braganza at the marine sports. sure you can find an email id for him
by the way reminder that you are in a town with a large asian population. the subway next door has a saag paneer option!
however can hear many sirens as policemen drive around the city. hopefully evening will be quiet. been advised not to leave hotel.
went to edgbaston to record my samsonite blog. ground looks lovely, very different from when i was last here. city getting quieter
many people asking if england wouldn't have pulled out of a tour of india for similar rioting. don't forget they returned after 26/11.
@TomMoodyCricket and india undone by their own preparation. and,to be honest, by an england team that looks very good.
@paritishZero  shailendra singh? bhupendra?
apart from the cricket which always excites me, am eagerly looking forward to having mick jagger and ar rahman in our studio on day 1
thanks you everyone about the concern over the riots in birmingham. didn't know they had spread there. must check out the news
off to birmingham tomorrow morning. hope to see some good cricket. and to be part of a good telecast.
hi @rakanade well done. i would have liked to be there too but didn't know about it.
http://t.co/zXesxQi thanks to those that have posted their one-percenters on the site. cheers
http://t.co/2IgAwV8  my video blog on old cricket bats and new
http://t.co/zXesxQi  we are trying to build a community that seeks lessons for managers from sport.
what are the one-percenters that impacted your life? best 5 posts on http://t.co/zXesxQi win a signed copy of the winning way.
in hyderabad where i grew up we used &quot;aap&quot;,very  occasionally &quot;tum&quot; and &quot;tu&quot; only to our closest friends.
one thing that has puzzled me about marathi speaking people: the use of &quot;tu&quot; with people you don't know instead of &quot;tumhi&quot;
@madhurajesh no big deal. wish you well
no @anishbutani it shouldn't but an anchor should never impose his/her thoughts on the programme. that's not an anchor's role
@roshanpanjwani that was sometime ago roshan. but that hair was as much my own as my current lot is!!
@chaitanyakuber hope you enjoy it chaitanya. cheers.
@DEArdeshir not sure daraius. sometimes you don't know how good you can be.
and yes, is abhimanyu mithun injured? notice that undadkat, aaron and vinay kumar are playing the 'emerging players' match.
india's young bowlers can look at what they don't have or sense the enormous opportunity that lies ahead. this is what you play cricket for
interesting that less than a year ago unadkat and yadav were in the indian team to south africa.
so this means that zaheer khan must be in serious doubt for the series against australia.1st test about 19 weeks away.
i would like to see ishant sharma take the return of zaheer as the opportunity of a lifetime to lead the indian attack.
just like rahul dravid to honour the selection. hadn't retired because he wasn't being picked anyway but will now formally retire.
wasn't at northants today. don't know the story behind zaheer only bowling three overs.
so does dravid get to play on a flat deck at rajkot? i greatly fear that the selectors of the world champion team are panicking.
quietly in his hotel room rahul dravid can be very proud of himself; that whenever there is a need he has the opportunity to fill it.
if india play seven batsmen kohli &amp; raina will have to bowl 10 overs between them. don't see sehwag able to bowl. dhoni? need 5 bowlers
my first impression of the side? not one of the nine batsmen picked can bowl ten overs and not one of the bowlers can bat at number seven
at the first sign of a cloud, india's selectors have pulled out the umbrella by picking dravid.
no, @cricketingview it is because i am pro cricket that i wrote this. if i was anti someone i would have sat back and done nothing!
ah,should have given the link. here it is: http://t.co/mlLRaBR
also do not believe ipl is the only reason. if ipl essential, schedule priorities accordingly, pull back somewhere else.
ref this article am not anti anybody, just pro cricket and like to see indian cricket strong and vibrant on and off the field
@shyamuw there have been many over the last 15 years! cheers
article by anita on the winning way facebook page on the one-percenters that can make a difference http://t.co/eEpfVKs
very interesting comment by eric cantona today about those that rant about living in manchester.it is an honour to play, he says
@err_itsme can understand where you are coming from but do respect the fact that it is very difficult given how many responses i get
@jcsportz ah then you must have inherited good taste from her genes jayashree!
for those of you who liked 'the winning way' do visit the facebook page. will keep updating. cheers. http://t.co/zXesxQi
@MS_Venu ee vayassulona!!
@arunsrini   because i speak telugu not tamil....
on that note, also had a south indian thali in a restaurant called' chennai' in nottingham! and the girl serving spoke telugu too.
kishore kumar's birthday. @SANJAYMANJREKAR must be singing his songs all day today! must listen to hawaaon pe likh do....again.
raining in london today. hope it isn't in northants. but if so, just got to accept and move on. that is why away matches are so valued.
joys of staying in a taj hotel in london; friendly faces, warmth and upma for breakfast! if you travel a lot that matters!
@KedarHirve will do kedar. thanks
@ShashiTharoor not sure these things are priority!
still haven't figured out why northampton is only a two day game. will be an extended net.
http://t.co/XcKPLlQ latest video blog post the loss at nottingham
http://t.co/4icNu1V lazy relaxed morning with music by the river trent. warning: in marathi!
www.youtube.com/user/StepOutWithHarsha  have been uploading my video blog. tell me what you think. cheers
this is not a bad indian team, this is an under prepared indian team. and they are up against an excellent england team in their backyard
don't think we need to get too concerned about england media ripping into indian cricketers. remember, we do the same too
need to be careful about imagining world better place because sehwag and zaheer will be back. they need to be ready too
india's middle order, i'm afraid, has still to come to terms with bounce. the next generation seems a bit thin at this level
important to understand that india don't become a bad team overnight but have been caught out by dependence on key players.
but there are far too many people who peddle abuse by hiding behind a twitter id. not everyone can handle that. will ruin twitter one day
have received tweets about getting others onto twitter,about spreading democratisation of opinion this way but (cont'd)
it's a strong statement to captains around the world to play a certain way. if spirit of cricket existed you wouldn't have half the appeals
i believe spirit of cricket also requires captains not to appeal vehemantly when they know a batsman isn't out. confusing morality.
i think dhoni's decision opens up a lot of issues. if a batsman is given caught behind,hasn't nicked it, should the captain call him back?
@harishkotian incredible how  easy it is to subscribe to views that cast aspersions on people.can speak for myself, it is completely untrue.
pietersen's wicket handy but england still moving towards control. have scored freely, rather than just defended.sign of confidence
@thyagu2011 hope not. expletives are vastly over-rated!
@_kunal_pradhan more disheartened than angry. so easy to cast aspersions on people now? so difficult to try to know people better?
everytime england have looked to someone to change the course of the game, broad has put his hand up.
@ramansundar worth a debate. yes bad umpiring. but other examples of bad umpiring can be reviewed. need to look at inside edges
been watching stuart broad closely here. cannot believe he had such ordinary test bowling figures. he has been brilliant here
rahul dravid is a rock star. all dignity and class. a symbol of hope for nice guys who work hard and put team first.
must confess raina looked a bit clumsy against the short ball. he's a good cricketer but that is an area that could limit him
dravid standing up for india once again. some of us feared india would have to hang on instead wickets have gone to shots played!
@subkumaran thank you, the designer is currently tweeting to say so!!
really enjoyed morning session with geoffrey and ravi. one for the cricket lovers.
apparently have finished two years on twitter.thanks for joining in. often get great feedback. cheers
@sudarshan_v1 that sounds like an india supporter!
broad and swann have made batting uncomplicated and refreshing; and forced india on the back foot for a while
@GaraviMehta but these are not conditions for him
@gagdhillon because everyone is entitled to their opinion. we are doing commentary, not patriotic statements!
no guys, not tweeting and doing commentary at the same time. only when i am done. wi-fi in box and monitor in front!
with sreesanth and praveen kumar the tradition of swing bowling is alive. it is movement not pace that troubles quality batsman
i saw sreesanth bowl at johannesburg but this spell is as good.
like the way pietersen has begun; rotating strike, taking on the bowling, giving strauss the time he needs.
lots being made about india's ability to bounce back. wouldn't dhoni prefer not to have to bounce back?
http://t.co/VZpioED  what do you guys think of this?
is this a brave decision by dhoni or a defensive one given the turmoil in the indian batting order. suspect defensive but upto bowlers now.
@achettup no, have no problem with another point of view. we in the profession must know what people think. can't remain insulated.
@itsallwithin &quot;culprit&quot; is a strong word. if i thought i was god's gift i wouldn't be offering this article!!
however i will say this to samir. it is very easy to talk of how things should be; like all of us know how to fix the economy!
some people saying star cricket commentary doesn't match visuals.reason is feed is from sky and we have only two add on cameras.
if more people prefer the match with full audio effects but no commentary that would be a reality check for all of us.
very interesting thought from samir chopra.http://t.co/RXZh5gr. offer viewers option of match without commentary!
@SnehaRajani ah, you are still up! planning the next big show? enjoying the cricket?
my comment about sachin &amp; the lords honours board was to provoke geoffrey mildly. nothing more. concerned people are taking it seriously.
@its__Manoj it was entirely tongue in cheek. sad people taking it seriously.
@ashi_24 i actually said &quot;ibl&quot; but it drew a chuckle!
@HazeCricket hope you are going well. up middle of the night watching cricket? london's beautiful and the cricket excellent.
kargil reminds me of brilliant lives unnecessarily lost. did anyone gain? can anyone gain?
mathew hayden buys stake in brisbane heat in the big bash. as a result resigns as director of cricket australia and queensland cricket!
need also to compliment the umpires for a fantastic match. they had very long days and hardly got anything wrong. well done billy and asad
i think we also need to accept that england was the better team here. and it is a fair game when the better team wins.
@GeoffCroshaw i do geoff but there are honours boards everywhere. if lords was a bit humbler, would be easier to accept.
don't agree with people saying india lost because sehwag wasn't around. champion teams must have enough replacements. have to nurture them.
i know lords is a great cricket ground with a great history but i think getting on the honours board there is a bit over-emphasised
it is all very well to blame the crowded calendar but the question is: why does the calendar need to be so crowded? don't we make it?
maybe india need to play 2-3 matches before a test. if you can push through most things, you can do this too. is it the will?
i'm perennially surprised at the fact that we do so little to analyse why india always starts slowly in a series.
when i said &quot;whose loss is it, sachin's or the honours board&quot; i was just being tongue in cheek with geoffrey.
@ParagWadnerkar to be honest, that was what i was told.
if i was an england fan i would be very disappointed if my team didn't win today. better bowling side in this game.
india need to bat through first session without losing a wicket to have a chance of saving this game.
remember as you assess this match that england have been, by some distance, the superior bowling side
saddens me enormously that everytime dravid does well this forum and many others enter into a comparison with sachin.can't enjoy two dishes?
if india have to leave lords without being 1-0 down, will require a huge effort from here. england should be disappointed if they don't win
for india to save this match, the batsmen will have to bat long and with courage. i see england giving india about 130 overs.
there is dignity and class to rahul dravid, not just to his batting. the way he bats is a reflection to me of the person he is.
@greigtalks some of us in india might be guilty of arrogant writing too but we need voices that encourage polite debate.
@greigtalks my comment about the polite debate in reference to the article from the independent. disappointed by tone of media here.
was very impressed with dhoni's decision to bowl himself. and by dravid's decision to put on the gloves and keep. sign of a good team
i liked the largeness of praveen's heart as much as his ability. i won't be surprised if he adds a few kms in pace occasionally
this innings by pietersen will count among his better because he respected the conditions and in doing so he overcame himself
@greigtalks but tony you can express a different point of view without being arrogant. what happened to a polite debate?
@HomerTweets he's a good writer but like many of his kind unable to see another point of view
http://t.co/MJPsxua  my thoughts on india and england today. do you agree? would love to know what you think.
and this at the start of the tour.....  http://t.co/3sk4VRv
http://t.co/PfFPuVP  step out with samsonite: latest video-blog
hopefully day 2 onwards should provide better cricket. lots of time left to get a result.
obviously zaheer going off was a big blow but india run the risk of depending too much on him. someone else must stand up and be counted
enjoyed hosting test cricket after a long time. and wonderful to work with sourav and nasser together. they were very good
not quite the day everyone hoped it would be. big occasion but the cricket could have been better.
ok, up early for the first test. early pick up with alan ,wasim and sourav. hopefully enough cricket today. cheers.
and deeply humbled by the number of people on this forum.
and for all sachin fans the more you talk and write about the hundredth century the more pressure you put on him.
must confess am disappointed with the emphasis on the hundredth century in the build up. it is india vs england.
caught a bit of golf on tv .loved the idea of applause for seve ballesteros instead of silence.
she (anita) took on the super fiendish sudoku in the times (london), overcame it and, like for dessert, vanquished the fiendish one!!
train ride to london was excellent. in awe of anita (my wife) who does the advanced sudoku and complains it isn't challenging enough!
thank you very much for your birthday wishes. was away in edinburgh with no access to twitter. wonderful and relaxing
so hot spot will be used but not for lbws. there has to be a way around that. will look stupid if there is a big inside edge and batsman lbw
and just been told by my producer to request you guys to hashtag espnstar and he promises some of the tweets will be read out on air
not a ticket in sight for this test. and for any of the others. surely england is the real home of test match cricket.
apparently farhan akhtar said he could have been the harsha bhogle of cinema! wouldn't mind making dil chahta hai and doing rock on!
and so off twitter for a couple of days;exploring the castles in edinburgh which, am told, are excellent. hopefully it won't be too cold.
london was beautiful till yesterday. never walked so much in my life. the parks are brilliant.
quick visit to edinburgh tomorrow morning and then back in time to get ready for the lords test. very excited.
ran into virendar sehwag at the hotel check in counter. hopefully the news from the surgeon tomorrow should be good. 3rd test?
i don't think british airways or their agents are very keen to get in touch with me! aso. these things happen.
still waiting for british airways to replace a bag that got ripped in travel.sent one that was half size, still waiting for the right one
that was just a query barkha and vasu have been in news journalism longer than most. they have their style
wouldn't read too much into this first performance against somerset. but a little more match practice would have helped.
also read about the mca election results. not surprised at all. winning elections is a different skill!
been watching ndtv here in london.couldn't figure out why barkha dutt &amp; srinivasan jain were in the rain while everyone else had an umbrella
and a piece for castrolcricket.com. http://t.co/LnIF7OT
@twitting_sg fair argument. but i think being open is the sign of a secure organistion.
haven't mentioned the sehwag factor because it was clear all along that he would struggle to be fit for this series.
sharda ugra makes an excellent point about selectors on cricinfo. the public fund the game they have a right to have selections explained
one of the things i enjoy doing here is reading the newspapers. why is quality of writing considered so low on priority in our papers?
now even darryl harper not happy with ball tracking. increasingly confirms my view that it was a storm in a teacup. it's all about cameras
espn star will have a one hour pre-show. many good commentators around but having nasser &amp; sourav together in studio will be mouth watering
looking ahead to india v england  http://t.co/q51OESx
ihf president says hockey bigger than egos of warring factions. excellent. sometimes the simplest things take a long time to understand!
off for another long walk on a lovely day in england. back to being unconnected.all that will change from the morning of the 21st! see you.
never thought i would see a day when calling india from england would be cheaper than calling a number in england
from time to time we must live life with no plan on what to do for the rest of the day. no list of things to do....
by the way beautiful weather in england, enjoying long walks. logged on to cricinfo today after 4 days; ditto twitter.
to fight terrorists you need tough laws.the same talking heads turn up condemning tough laws. easy to be merely critical.
beautiful gentle holiday in london &amp; the news of the blasts in mumbai. saw talking heads on the news sounding all sympathetic and worked up
@roshanabbas kyon nahi. will sms you
off to london in a couple of hours. a little holiday and then a series to look forward to. hope we in comms go well too!
so many people spreading despair in public life and so many spreading kindness quietly.
excellent piece on baba amte's wife today. moved by the line: instead of calling her &quot;sawli&quot;(shadow) we called her &quot;mauli&quot; (mother)
@warne888 warnie, not everything in life is a leg break that you can control!!
thanks all of you for the updates on dth and the rains and the problems with clouds and rain and sand storms.
so many cancerians celebrating birthdays: gavaskar, ganguly, dhoni, manjrekar, now told guru dutt...sure many more. from another cancerian!
in hyderabad many many years ago, everytime ir rained the electricity went off; how are tata sky etc different?
@kvjhaveri i wouldn't ask him that!
got an email from nasser hussain confirming that he is not on twitter.
so nasserhussain_ is an impersonator too just as @rahuldravid turned out to be one. poor way of living.
by the way as some of you had suggested, neither id for nasser hussain is right. he is not on twitter. both those are impersonators.
i don't think harbhajan should be thinking of 600. 450 first, then 475, then 500 and so on. he has it in him
@vivek0622 i rate harbhajan very highly but many people don't seem to share my point of view...hence the line
by the way in my retweet @NasserHussain acquired an _who!! problem with no of characters!!!
http://t.co/xjIxX7Y  what do you guys think?
@greigtalks oops yt is yours truly!  seriously, went through list of commentators i knew!! cheers.
irrespective of what you think about him, 400 wickets represents a great journey. time to offer congratulations to harbhajan singh.
@greigtalks yt? hope i don't feel stupid when you tell me who it is!! should be a great series though if the weather holds.
thanks nasser!@bhogleharsha always good company @scottyp55 @NasserHussain_who's yr favourite person to commentate with who isn't English?
suheim shaikh &amp; hyd yacht club really doing a sterling job to promote sailing which city has a huge lake and park in the middle of the city!
always meet so many old friends in hyderabad. but never enough time to meet everyone. this was very very rushed
so many memories of hyderabad sailors: cs pradeepak, sanjiv sidhu (bablu),later of i2, shantanu narayen (later adobe). new gen looking ok
rushed visit to hyderabad; delighted to see the number of children in the optimist class sailing. and good old hussain sagar is looking fine
also, is the media asking itself the same questions it asks of others?
&quot;we need to ask ourselves if we are communicating the splendour of the game enough&quot; question in tomorrow's cricinfo/ind express article
@santhanamvijay precisely! get yourself ready for a great one in england. watching from home?
@the_topspin thanks lawrence. struck by the honesty of those that have to sell technology.
@siddh_chha you are obsessed and incredibly wrong. maybe you should have a wider view of the world
@adithyaananth very interesting!!
@Chetlur indeed, he has been very vocal about it in the past.
don't know of a single mechanic who heads castrol or a cook who heads nestle. being a practitioner is good but not the only virtue!
to head a sports body,like to head an automobile company,you must love your product and know how to run a business.
west bengal sports minister says only sportspersons should head sports bodies.that's as wrong as saying no sportspersons should be in charge
@praveenschumi the club-country debate was really a storm in a teacup; like most media storms these days!
http://t.co/gymiCm3 for those interested in pak cricket from osman samiuddin, a fine chronicler of events there
this west indies series, quite literally, has been a damp squib. i think though, that india learnt a few things about its playes
D/L say: &quot;Bhogle marginally in favour of Jayadevan perhaps out of loyalty to his countryman and maybe also to (cont) http://tl.gd/bj4a7b
just had an interesting half hour chat with @ebayindia on #mywinningway. apparently their offer price is only for another day.
mywinningway
@Chetlur that's a dangerous assumption to make since we do not know if his services were available and spurned.
here's something about ball tracking technology from someone who knows. http://t.co/zG7kkBQ
cook 60 from 44 balls, kieswetter 26 from 28...thought kieswetter was the slogger and cook the plodder!
stripped to its essentials the drs is a very simple issue as is now being realised. there was far too much thunder and lightning over it
many asking about holding's views on bcci. he has a right to his views just as you have about his.
in essence where we disagree with the bcci's position is on the use of the mat. but more critical is the no of frames/sec of cameras used
interesting that michael holding's comments on technology not too different from what some of you might have heard on this forum!
@kshitiz_horizon in tennis you don't have to predict the path of a ball. much easier.
@SnehaRajani so these tough nut managers are getting a bit sentimental??
http://t.co/BfpuQRg: delightfully frank from the bosses at virtual eye and hotspot.
@iamgauttam no problems with the parts i heard.
thanks for all the posts on #mywinningway. really encouraging to read your thoughts. cheers
mywinningway
the cricket world has to rally around what sangakkara has said.the benefits can be far-reaching but the implications of ignoring it grievous
thanks all of you for following the step out with samsonite blog during the ipl. will try to make it as interesting if not more
just announced the next series of step out with harsha video blogs with samsonite. will run through to march.cricket and travel.
there is a special offer of rs 99 for the winning way on http://t.co/g1eyDZE in case you are interested
@ebayindia running a very interesting promo of the winning way, thought you might be interested.
hi guys, check out the #mywinningway Twitter contest @ebayindia and win autographed copies of &#8216;The Winning Way&#8217;!
mywinningway
@quechinga89 was a bit surprised that he revealed that.
@sunda_m yes but it is also easy to bait the bcci now. an easy target outside india.
holding scathing against bcci. getting much applause!! strongly believe that india need to present their point of view better.
mikey holding saying ball tracking not necessary as long as the mat is there. pretty much what a lot of us think.
even the ceo of hot spot amazingly frank about limitations. always good to know.
effectively what the head of virtual eye said was that if cameras don't produce enough frames per second, ball tracking isn't good enough
while on cricket discussions, very revealing interviews with the chief executives of virtual eye and hot spot for time out on cricinfo today
listening to sangakkara can't help thinking that the game is so much bigger than petty people with petty individual goals
http://t.co/tUdZeqR  link to sangakkara's talk. still on. excellent audio.
this is an extraordinarily frank speech by a wonderfully articulate man.
sangakkara talking about a topic dear to all of us; that administrators need to play for their country as much as the cricketers need to
by the way guys my 24 on that quiz had some tukkas in it; educated tukkas but tukkas nonetheless!
put in new zealand instead of south africa as the third test team!!!
many asking how many i got on that quiz. must confess i surprised myself a bit. got 24.
@nikhilchinapa enjoy him bat while you can, it's one of the joys of life. many years after that to get into the comm box!
http://t.co/Kvc8ool  how many can you do? tell me!!
@shivaram_s @SANJAYMANJREKAR seems so. enjoy his company and cricketing thoughts enormously.
as i understand it commentary team in england will be gavaskar, shastri, ganguly, wilkins, akram, bhogle, hussain and lloyd
not a huge tennis watcher but got the feeling that nadal the fighter was on court but not nadal the tennis player. skills intermittent.
the chandimal episode was unusual but don't see why cook and pietersen should get worked up. sri lanka choose how they want to chase.
occasionally switched to cricket. caught a couple of jayawardene cover drives. made going back to nadal/djokovic tough
enjoyed watching wimbledon last night with vijay amritraj and alan wilkins; the best commentator/studio combo in india
@gjandwani enjoyed those interactions enormously!!
i think abhinav mukund is lucky but don't grudge him that. his luck arrived because of the runs he scored in domestic cricket.
would have been nice, if possible, to have had an 'A' team touring england at about the same time. better idea of form.
fairly predictable team.selectors seem to like saha in test cricket before west indies tour started kohli had an edge over raina, not now
having been to singapore a few times i think there are two things the locals are obsessed with: air-conditioning and ice! like neither!
excellent time with enthu sales team at airtel in singapore. like cricketers,they too work hard and achieve targets!!
@bharathstays because i have no clue about what it is or what it does!!
@muqeetahmadjan muqeet, talent has never been an issue with pakistan. it is the development of that talent.
i would have liked to see ajinkya rahane too because he looks quite correct but someone wants him to bat no 3 from mumbai!
a good start helps a good middle order. india cannot afford to have these starts in england which is a far superior bowling side.
i won't be surprised if sehwag is picked even if he's only available from the 3rd test. i wouldn't lose an opportunity to play him.
@vaswaniravi  because when i last spoke to rahul dravid, he said he wasn't on twitter!!!
http://t.co/WAlTVLM  see if this makes sense to all you investor types!!
quick trip to singapore. the winning way sees another presentation. enjoyed time with capgemini today.
@_ashok_s it's called outliers
confused about this &quot;scheduled&quot; india-pak series in march-april. india-oz ends on march 8, then asia cup and ipl starts april 4. so when?
so many tweets on this forum talking about india being at the receiving end of things. so here's a question: 64 (cont) http://tl.gd/bf9nk0
@aminocha that would mean assuming facts which is very dangerous.
i am very concerned at the urgency with which some of us play victim. it is small thinking and holds back progress.
very disappointed with today's papers listing umpiring errors against india. could do a similar list where india benefitted from errors.
it has now happened twice in a couple of months. i really hope it is taken seriously.
2/2 this is a basic error, like cameraman missing a ball. can accept a mistake but the explanation doesn't hold. sure they know it too!!
the icc needs to take the dhoni error very seriously. afraid their argument that things would have have been different with drs is weak 1/2
@aegnor79 @pritzy9 pity people play the race card so quickly and easily. not true!
guys sorry but am not taking on @greigtalks. we have a different point of view this time but that's what happens in a good commentary box
@PakCricFanatic @greigtalks you're right, it doesn't. just stating a universal fact about people in power.
@kasistla @greigtalks tony and i are not putting on boxing gloves...just putting forward a point of view...so don't get too excited !!!
@greigtalks i am not in complete agreement with the bcci, often far from it, but am sure others in power would have done the same.
@greigtalks oz didn't host india for 20 years, didn't play nz, england sent sub-standard teams to india, manipulated playing conditions....
@greigtalks but it's not just india that's the big bad wolf tony! most people in power try to control events.happened in cricket too (1/2)
maybe i am a fan of ian chappell but he always seems to put cricket first. here again: http://t.co/cUZ5yBy
so what about rain shortened matches in t20 cricket? from @bhogle,interesting research and insights into why it doesn't work now.
like the idea of top 7 qualifying directly.bottom 3 to compete with top 3 among associates for 3 slots.making to top 7 will become critical
@CK_tweets ibn fact if you want many copies the publisher can send you directly as well
the other point: bowlers having a drink between overs seems ok as long as they are on the field; batsmen are allowed a drink too.
gavaskar's point about not allowing substitutes to field if no runners allowed for batsmen is valid. @cricketwallah
so the world cup is back to 14 teams; another tournament with a lot of meaningless matches; leaving last 3 to qualify was such a good idea
@prempanicker which also reminds me why rediff sports was simply the most happening sports site
@CK_tweets it is small because we didn't want to fill it up and dilute it!
@Martin_Crowe @greigtalks think the issue is predicting the trajectory after ball has been obstructed. your thoughts would be interesting.
i suspect a lot of people on this forum believe hawkeye is enough evidence to hang a person. it isn't.
another fine young writer puts reason above rhetoric. http://t.co/MwUIjQq
@greigtalks
@greigtalks i suspect the disagreement is with respect to frames per second. was told too that virtual eye better.
i like hawkeye as a tool for television viewers, not to the same extent as a decision maker. must find some way of getting the mat used.
@sidbafna he could have, only he would have had to run his singles himself.
there are many sceptics of hawk-eye's ball tracker. i think it is a decision that technical people should make.
happy with the fact that runners eliminated. will take some old world charm out but it's time had come.
well,getting somewhere with the drs.one of the two howlers around lbws (the inside edge) eliminated. now for where the ball pitches &amp; hits?
@paritoshZero @joybhattacharj it's one of the few songs even i know the tune for...see something interesting to do in stockholm!!
@MalhotraSaurabh yes that one and west indies in 97 come to mind.
@carlos501b fair call carlos. but i earn a living following a game, not supporting a team!
i believe that as we seek to become a prouder nation, we should stop playing victim. certainly those under 25 today should.
waiting to see the new ftp. 5 tests in england great idea. will test players. suspect in 22 years sachin has played only two 5 test series
